+++
aliases = ["/logs/168"]
category = "Roleplay"
game = "Imperian"
points = 4
title = "Lucian's Story"
votes = 4
+++

Lucian closes the door to the northeast.

You are holding:
a pair of silver-framed spectacles, a clean white tunic, a pair of white 
billowing leggings, 30 curved, segmented sinn vials, 6 simple oaken pipes, 2 
soot-blackened tinderboxes, a keen-eyed falcon.
You are wearing:
a plate helm, a silk pack, 2 broadsword scabbard with tassels, a regal blue 
Justicar's cape, a Justicar's tabard surcoat, a suit of polished field plate 
armour, a pair of plated vambraces, a leather falconry glove, a 
leather-strapped knife belt, a pocketbelt, a pair of plate greaves, a pair of 
knee-high leather boots.
You have 15 types of items in the Rift.
You possess 55 items and are carrying no gold.

You open the bevor of your plate helm.

You remove a plate helm.
  
Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "I used to run 
here to forge when I wanted to get away from the city."

You brush your hair aside.
 
Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer extends his wings 
fully before folding them about himself.  A soft, faint light coruscates off 
each white feather.

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "So, what have 
you heard about the traitorous Lucian Ashtear?"

You have emoted: Kiandra glances at the wings, and just shakes her head, 
bringing a gloved hand up to her face as if she doesn't believe what she's 
seeing.

You say, "Okay..."

You say, "You are a traitor to the Justicars, you were the Supreme Invoker, but
left for whatever reasons. You became a mercenary, selling yourself out to 
demoners and magickers to slaughter the first thing in sight."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "And thats what
you've heard from the Antiochan leadership, eh..."

You say, "And you were a Knight. Now you're nothing more than a sword for hire.
And a lizard with wings."
 
Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "I am Lord 
Lucian Ashtear, of the realm of Twilight."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "I was birthed 
in Stavenn."
 
Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "I ran to 
Antioch for 100 years."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "And yes, I was
the supreme invoker, and I lead the knights templar in Antioch."

You say, "You turned on them."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "More or less."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "But, Antioch 
believes I am a sellsword."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "It is a facade
placed out to the world."

You say, "You -advertise- it."
 
Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "I'm aware."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "And I do it on
purpose."

Lucian removes a plate helm.

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "I seek an 
answer to a question I do not know yet."
 
Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "But, I can say
this."

You say, "How can you possibly find an answer if you don't know the question?"

Lucian gazes intently at you, his forked tongue flickering inquisitively.

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "Have you ever 
felt something, but couldn't express it in words?"

You say, "Occasionally."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "It is the same
concept."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "Antioch thinks
I will kill anyone for the right amount."
 
Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "Yet, they have
yet to see me engage an Antiochan in combat."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "I have killed 
one person upon my departure from the desert, and it was a demoner who I killed
to protect Antiochans and Ithaquans."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "I left as 
quickly as I had came once the battle was over."

You say, "Then what did they enemy you for?"

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "Simply for 
leaving."
 
Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "You have to 
understand something."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "I was one of 
Antioch's prized warriors."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "To see me 
leave, was a terrible loss."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "And I left no 
reason behind."

You say, "So why make your case worse? Why make Antioch -believe- they have a 
reason to enemy you?"

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "Because I 
can't go back yet."
 
Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "In fact, I 
might not ever come home."
 
Music drifts on the breeze, the sounds of instruments and voices mixing 

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "I just know I 
haven't found what I'm looking for yet."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "But I know, 
and I can say with confidence, my morals have not changed since leaving."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "I do not 
embrace magick, nor any demonic presences."

You say, "What about this twilight thing?"

Lucian's forked tongue flickers out briefly as he tests the air.

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "I think thats 
a story best saved for another day."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "Twilight is a 
belief."

You say, "I'd like you to tell me."


Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "I was once the
voice of the Lord of Light."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "But upon His 
reawakening, He asked me to choose between my love, and my order."

You say, "Your love?"

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "I was married,
once upon a time."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "I am 
technically a traitor."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "Make no 
mistake of that."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "But, my heart 
is not traitorous."

You say, "I don't understand why they would lie to me, though."

You say, "It is not of a knight to lie to anyone."
 
Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "Things have 
changed since my rule."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "You have to 
understand, Kiandra..."
 
Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "I was the best
of knights. I can say that without arrogance."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "They -want- me
to be bad."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "They want that
image in their minds."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "To lessen the 
blow of me leaving."

You say, "That's not right..."
  
Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "It may not 
be."
 
Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "But it was not
right that I left."

You say, "You know, Sir Kodo... He told me that I am very promising. That I was
born a natural knight."

Lucian nods his head.

You say, "I don't know if that's true or not... but I certainly don't think so.
Everyone needs to learn."

You say, "You can't just be born gifted in something."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "Then it's fate
that we met, then."

You say, "Fate.... I'm not a strong believer in fate."
 
Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "I am."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "Everything 
happens, for a particular reason."

You say, "Everything must happen -because- of a particular reason, as well."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "I, a traitor 
of Antioch, found you despite my distance away from the city."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "Who says the 
hand of fate does not draw that as well?"

You say, "Who says that the hand of fate even exists?"

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "We'll never 
know until we leave the mortal coil."

You say, "The only force powerful enough to guide your everyday actions are the
Gods."
 
Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "Who says Fate 
cannot be a god as well?"

You say, "One should not worship false idols."
  
Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "Fate is widely
believed little one. But also very debatable."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "At any 
rate..."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "You know my 
story."

You nod slowly.

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "You came to 
Caanae, because you believed there was more to me than just a simple traitor."

You say, "I came to Caanae to know the truth."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "And now you 
know it."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "I am no 
sellsword."

You say, "I do not know it just yet."

You say, "I have heard two stories."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "Ask your 
superiors, who from Antioch I have engaged."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "The next time 
you get a chance."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "As I have 
previously stated. They -want- to hate me."
 
Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "It dampens the
pain of me leaving, that way..."

You say, "If they know that I have spoken with you, then I will suffer your 
fate, but with much more dishonor."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "Do not worry."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "They won't."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "And you are 
not the first to come find me to speak."

You say, "The mere mention of your name to Lord Grantz.... he told me you were 
a traitor and to end the subject."
  
Lucian nods his head.

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "As I expect 
from him."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "He was close 
to me."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "Like a 
brother."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "He was 
present, the day I left."

You say, "He is my mentor, and has been a good teacher to me."

You say, "Though with his age, he has forgotten many things."
  
Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "He is a good 
man, despite his temper getting the best of him every so often."

You say, "I train myself to become a knight and, at the very least, attempt to 
take his position when he becomes too old to continue. I know that time is 
approaching.... he said it himself."

Lucian nods his head.

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "They will need
a good invoker."

You say, "The other Knights..."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "The other 
knights are not knights at all."

You say, "I don't agree with their beliefs. They focus on violence first."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "Just empty 
titles."

You say, "I do not seek violence, else I would have been met with your blade."

Lucian nods his head.

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "I dislike 
fighting."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "With a 
passion."

You say, "The only fighting we should do is against Stavenn and the magickers 
that choose to combat us."
 
Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "That is where 
our beliefs differ."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, 
"Corruption...evil in general can sprout from anywhere."

You say, "And we must try to prevent that evil from sprouting in the first 
place."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "Unfortunately 
that is an impossible task."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "But we can 
fight against it, should it come."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "You'll be a 
good knight, someday."

You say, "Someday...."

You say, "That day will not come for many years."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "But it will 
come, I promise you."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "Just keep 
holding to your ideals."

You say, "The Justicars.. the Knights are not soldiers. They can be, but they 
are much, much beyond that. A knight is more than a man with a sword and armor 
and ideals."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "Those ideals 
stopped being enforced when I left."

You say, "Knights... are teachers, companions, peacekeepers, missionaries."

You say, "But now all they focus on is killing those who oppose their beliefs."

Lucian nods his head.

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "Aye, I know."
 
Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "I watch."

You say, "Lord Grantz and Sir Kodo are the only two knights that I have seen 
that mirror the ideals of true knights."

Lucian nods his head.

You say, "The rest.... are just..."

You say, "I don't have a word for it."

Lucian nods his head.

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "Aye, I know."
 
Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "Your 
frustration is in the correct place."

You say, "I shouldn't be frustrated."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "But yet you 
are."

You say, "It's not right of a knight to express such anger and irritation."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "We are not 
drones."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "But yes, you 
have a point, but only to a point."

You say, "I realize that."

You say, "I did not say knights are incapable of emotion."

You say, "Just that.... anger will only cause harm."

Lucian nods his head.

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "Do you have 
any other questions you wish to ask me?"

You look up into the air for divine inspiration.

You say, "I know I have a question for you... but I don't know what it is."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "So you see my 
dilemma, then."
 
Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer smiles faintly.

You nod slowly.

You say, "But..."

You say, "I know who to ask."

You say, "Do you?"

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "I don't have 
many answers."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "Who is it?"

You say, "That's what I want to know. You said you were seeking an answer.... 
whom do you seek it from?"
 
Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "Perhaps 
myself."

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "Perhaps the 
question I'm seeking an answer to is who is strong enough to save a hero should
he need to be saved."

You say, "And perhaps the answer to that question is that the hero can save 
himself."

The door to the northeast is opened from the other side.

You say, "That's Reznok..."
 
Lucian nods his head.

Archangel of Twilight, Lord Lucian Ashtear, Shadow Slayer says, "Perhaps it's 
best you returned now."