+++
aliases = ["/logs/189"]
category = "Roleplay"
game = "Imperian"
points = 0
title = "Kephas Gone Crazy"
votes = 0
+++

Totally unexpected. This guy is insane. O.o



Lord Kephas Bezaliel says, "Consider me what you will, but I could see no other
in my place for such a matter. I am not good at holding thoughts like these, so
I cannot any longer."

Lord Kephas Bezaliel asks, "Suspense?"

"Ummmm," you say uncertainly.

Kephas's forked tongue flickers out briefly as he tests the air.

Lord Kephas Bezaliel frowns and says, "Isadarr, your mind is not of the weak 
and foolish pretty girl. I must have you!!"

Lord Kephas Bezaliel says, "Such is very necessary."

You blink incredulously at Kephas.

Lord Kephas Bezaliel exclaims, "You've no clue of the largeness of such a 
matter!"

Lord Kephas Bezaliel says, "Do not allow confusion now, no."
 
You look up into the air for divine inspiration.

Lord Kephas Bezaliel says, "You know, I give you things. Because that's how it 
works! I give you things because a man gives a woman things when such things 
like this happen, and things work."

You say, in Hanyou, "The matters of the heart have clouded your senses, 
obviously. You are irrational and out of control."

Lord Kephas Bezaliel screams, "NEVER!"

Lord Kephas Bezaliel says, "I would burn Antioch for you, Isadarr! Not just 
Antioch, the world."

Lord Kephas Bezaliel exclaims, "And everything that matters!"

Lord Kephas Bezaliel says, "Thusly, I must have you. Such is only necessary."

Kephas glares about himself, upset with the world.

You say, in Hanyou, "I believe I am prepared to attempt to shove this ice shard
down my throat, as you previously suggested."

Lord Kephas Bezaliel says, "No, you should not. That matter of my mind was a 
mere curiosity, instead, you could shove it down the throat of a wench of 
sorts, yes."

Kephas looks at you hopefully.

Lord Kephas Bezaliel says, "So, you'd give this mind a chance; yes? 
Unfortunately, such matters do require... approval of sorts.."

You say, in Hanyou, "Your mind is fickle and unorganized. One I do not 
understand."

You snort arrogantly.

Kephas glares about himself, upset with the world.

Lord Kephas Bezaliel says, "That is false. I simply have troubel speaking some 
times."

Lord Kephas Bezaliel says, "My thoughts are true and wise, you'd know such."
 
Lord Kephas Bezaliel says, "A psychopath cannot murder as efficiently as me."

You say, in Hanyou, "If one deserves death, I am fully capable of doing so 
myself."

You smile wryly, quite clearly amused.

Lord Kephas Bezaliel exclaims, "No one kills as well as I!"

Lord Kephas Bezaliel asks, "And besides.. you must understand me in some way, 
clearly?"


You say, in Hanyou, "You are jaded and irrational, Kephas, and I do not 
understand your need for love when you are so rightly intend on death and 
destruction."

You narrow your eyes at Kephas in an unnerving manner.

Lord Kephas Bezaliel exclaims, "You do not understand!"

Lord Kephas Bezaliel says, "I pursue other things, as well.. such as Truth and 
understanding.. Wrath aswell, as you may or may not know. But my mind, I cannot
speak the messages I'd like.."

Lord Kephas Bezaliel says, "You must understand me, and that is what I need, 
truly."

You purse your lips in contemplation, examining Kephas with intent.

Lord Kephas Bezaliel says, "I am kept prisoner by myself, if you will. And 
either way, I saw you through my cell door.. and I have not been able to stop 
pondering, or thinking. A strange feeling all in all, I could not do much else 
but set my determinations to having you."

You look skeptical and say, in Hanyou, "I will ponder your offer. I do not 
believe you fully understand me, or yourself."

Lord Kephas Bezaliel says, "A chance would not be so bad, hmm? It is 
impossible."

Kephas glares about himself, upset with the world.

You say, in Hanyou, "There is a time, and no other time?"

You suck thoughtfully upon a writhing maggot.

Lord Kephas Bezaliel says, "Yes, of course."

Lord Kephas Bezaliel says, "You know I would not interrupt your goals, you know
these things, clearly."

Kephas glares about himself, upset with the world.


You say, in Hanyou, "You may attempt to understand me, I suppose. I trust you 
are aware you will not be successful. A foolish heart and pride, I suppose. Do 
not be disappointed when you do not what find what you believe you seek."

Your eyes sparkle with amusement at Kephas.

Lord Kephas Bezaliel says, "I am never disappointed."

Lord Kephas Bezaliel frowns and says, "Bad things happen when that occurs."

You say, in Hanyou, "Very well. Should you prove to be loyal and deserving of 
my audience, you will gain it. I do not believe you are. My life is at the 
mercy of the Empire's. Should yours prove to hold the same goals as mine, there
may be hope for it."

Kephas squints suspiciously at his surroundings.

You say, in Hanyou, "Now."

Lord Kephas Bezaliel says, "I would not leave my determination, even if you 
would say I do not need it, or cannot have it..!"

You say, in Hanyou, "Are you done screaming at me? I have a post to write."

Lord Kephas Bezaliel says, "But, do go, Isadarr.. my thoughts have been given 
to you, and thus I am content."
