+++
aliases = ["/logs/205"]
category = "Humour"
game = "Imperian"
points = 0
title = "Worst. Accent. Ever."
votes = 2
+++

You listen intently to the north.

You hear action: Talib Allesisi screams, "FO ENEWAN!"

You hear action: Sister Ariona Savann says, "Not everyone can be 'normal'"
&lt;390/445h 390/281m 2127e 1309w &lt;eb&gt;            &lt;LL:0 RL:0 LA:0 RA:0&gt;  
(Pkmn): Kayden says, "Talib Allesisi says, "Bad i was bon dees weh."Talib 
Allesisi says, "Me no chenge."You say to Allesisi, "No excuse not to fix it."."

You hear action: Talib Allesisi says, "I AM NOMAL."

You hear action: Grand Master Kayden Midbere, Onyx Fist says, "Indeed. Some 
lack the motivation or ability."

You hear action: Sister Ariona Savann says, "He is fine the way he is."

You hear action: Talib Allesisi says, "Joo da wan who het evebady."

You hear action: Grand Master Kayden Midbere, Onyx Fist says, "You are 
incompentent. Or simply a moron. One or the other."

You hear action: Rafiq Bronstal Vuh'uni says, "We just have some pomise monks 
who think every one should be the same."

You hear action: Desert Guardian, Kodo Ashtear, Disciple of the Blade says, "I 
might agree."

You hear action: Talib Allesisi says, "Deres dees Weevil pesson who no lak me."

You hear action: Sister Ariona Savann says, "Normal is just an indiviuals point
of view on how the world should be."

You hear action: Sister Ariona Savann says, "Not how it is."

You hear action: Brother Zares says, "It's not a bad thing."


(Pkmn): You say, "Haha, Kayden is getting idiotganged."

You hear action: Talib Allesisi says, "And joo stupid idiot."

You hear action: Rafiq Bronstal Vuh'uni says, "What you got your head so far 
stuck up your ... never mind."

You hear action: Rafiq Bronstal Vuh'uni says, "I'll be nice."

You hear action: Grand Master Kayden Midbere, Onyx Fist says, "It is you who 
cannot even speak, and you call me an idiot?"

You hear action: Talib Allesisi says, "WHAT, MA ESS!?"

You hear action: Talib Allesisi says, "I dont heff ma hed uppeh ma ess."

You hear action: Grand Master Kayden Midbere, Onyx Fist says, "You sound as if 
you do, however."

You hear action: Rafiq Bronstal Vuh'uni says, "Not you monks some of them at 
least."

You hear action: Iscin says, "Normallity is an arbitrarily decided construct 
dependent solely on perspective."


You hear action: Grand Master Kayden Midbere, Onyx Fist says, "She is not a 
Monk. Far from it."

You hear action: Iscin says, "Did that sound smart?"

You hear action: Desert Guardian, Kodo Ashtear, Disciple of the Blade says, "It
might be better to only sound like it, than to act like it."

You hear action: Talib Allesisi says, "Joo haff bed ceracter judgemente."

You hear action: Desert Guardian, Kodo Ashtear, Disciple of the Blade says, 
"Just a musing of mine."

You hear action: Rafiq Bronstal Vuh'uni says, "I'm saying you have your head 
stuck up your ass."

You hear action: Grand Master Kayden Midbere, Onyx Fist says, "A Vahinite has 
no room to talk."

You hear action: Desert Guardian, Kodo Ashtear, Disciple of the Blade says, 
"Right, right."

You hear action: Desert Guardian, Kodo Ashtear, Disciple of the Blade says, "As
if that's not closed minded and short sighted."

(Antioch): Khali says, "Anyone able to give blessings?"

You hear action: Grand Master Kayden Midbere, Onyx Fist says, "Merely stating 
the obvious."

(Pkmn): Kayden says, ":D."

You hear action: Talib Allesisi says, "No ned ta get angory aboud dees nao."

You hear action: Brother Zares says, "Your giving me a headache.."

You hear action: Grand Master Kayden Midbere, Onyx Fist says, "Oh for the love 
of all that's holy. Open your mouth when you speak, wench."

You hear action: Talib Allesisi says, "Everwan different end eets no good to 
deescrimanaet."

You hear action: Desert Guardian, Kodo Ashtear, Disciple of the Blade says, 
"You need to be a bit nicer. It would do the world good."

You hear action: Talib Allesisi screams, "AT KAYDEN SHADDUP UP EEDEOT! YOU DA 
WENCH, YOU LOZA, I HET YOH, GO DIE!"

You hear action: Grand Master Kayden Midbere, Onyx Fist says, "I advise you not
to lay a hand on me."

You hear action: Angel of Solitude, Jynsen, Curate of the Shaahri says, "Damn 
it settle down now."

You hear action: Sister Ariona Savann says, "Allesisi, no more yelling 
alright."

You hear action: Grand Master Kayden Midbere, Onyx Fist says, "As for you - you
aren't different. You're a moron. There is a difference."

Allesisi rushes in from the north in a state of panic.

Screaming, Allesisi rushes away to the north.

Allesisi rushes in from the north in a state of panic.

Allesisi grunts noncommittally.

Screaming, Allesisi rushes away to the north.

You hear action: Prior of the Flame, Icarius Bharathian, Son of the Suns says, 
"Enough of this stupidity."

You hear action: Talib Allesisi says, "Why deed samwan infleect me."

You hear action: Grand Master Kayden Midbere, Onyx Fist says, in Akrabi, 
"Indeed."

You hear action: Grand Master Kayden Midbere, Onyx Fist says, in Akrabi, "That 
so-called Wardancer needs you to lay your hands on her, aye?"

You hear action: Talib Allesisi says, "Seh hao smart ah em? YOU NO STAMP MEH!"

You hear action: Brother Zares says, "Stop yelling."

You hear action: Prior of the Flame, Icarius Bharathian, Son of the Suns says, 
"If you can't get along I suggest you separate."

You hear action: Talib Allesisi says, "I no yelleeeng."

You hear action: Rafiq Bronstal Vuh'uni says, "And he calls himslef a monk."

You hear action: Grand Master Kayden Midbere, Onyx Fist asks, in Akrabi, "Care 
to step outside the city?"

You hear action: Grand Master Kayden Midbere, Onyx Fist says, in Akrabi, "Grand
Master, actually."

You hear action: Talib Allesisi says, "Do joo haff samteeng to cure dees?"

You hear action: Angel of Solitude, Jynsen, Curate of the Shaahri says, "Cure 
what?"

You hear action: Rafiq Bronstal Vuh'uni says, "If i didn't know better i would 
say monks are full of fools but i see ariona and know there not."

You hear action: Talib Allesisi says, "I teenk I haff panic."
