+++
aliases = ["/logs/93"]
category = "Roleplay"
game = "Imperian"
points = 0
title = "The stances of Taekate"
votes = 0
+++

You nod your head.
 
You say, "Good, as this issue has been cleared."

You peer about yourself unscrupulously.

Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says to you, in Lycaean, "Shall I begin 
soon then?"
 
There is already someone sitting there.
You take a seat on an akrabi prayer mat.
 
Cave of Meditation. (Monastery of Manoa.)
Though the atmosphere has become quite arid, the floor and walls of this 
chamber were apparently worn smooth by years of water erosion. A beautiful 
mosaic of colored tiles on the floor alludes to mortal habitation. The ceiling 
of this cave is high indeed, the walls ascending up into complete darkness. 
Looking closely at the walls around the cave it is possible to notice slight 
changes in the grain of the rock which reveal the exits in different 
directions. This has been marked as holy ground. Rising out of ruby-quartz and 
amber flames, a fiery crystal phoenix towers over you, while the silvery horn 
of a unicorn shines with a pure white light, illuminating your surroundings. 
There are 12 akrabi prayer mats here. A bear skin prayer mat rests on the 
ground here. A large, gold flecked hawk hovers in the air gracefully here, its 
wings shimmering in the light. Elamar is sitting on a rolled-up bear skin 
prayer mat. Patek is sitting on an akrabi prayer mat. Paran Educator, Adherent 
Genjuro Valstivar is here. Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn is here.
You see a single exit leading east.
 
Genjuro chuckles long and heartily.
 
You say, "Everybody else should better sit down."
 
You are now holding a hide-covered cane of driftwood in your left hand.
 
Genjuro sits down.
 
Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, in Lycaean, "For the sake of those who 
cannot speak Lycaean, I might suggest a change in language."
 
Patek sucks thoughtfully on his teeth.
 
Genjuro whispers something to Nayyirah.
 
Master Patek Qaqyesil, Kunteki of Manoa says, in Lycaean, "Can any not?"
 
Master Patek Qaqyesil, Kunteki of Manoa turns his head in all directions 
quickly, taking in the area.
 
Elamar nods his head.
 
You have emoted: Rilore slowly knocks his cane on the ground.
 
Master Patek Qaqyesil, Kunteki of Manoa says, "Common, then."

You say, "Or Akrabi."
 
Patek grins mischievously at you.
 
Nayyirah whispers something to Genjuro.
 
Comprehension flashes across Genjuro's face.
 
Nayyirah whispers something to Genjuro.
 
You smile impishly and say to Patek, "I know that it hurts your kin often to 
speak other languages, Kunteki."
 
Genjuro hums innocently at Nayyirah.
 
With a dry hiss, Nayyirah raises her venomous tail in warning.
 
Patek grins mischievously.
 
You have emoted: Rilore taps his cane on the ground, frowning.
 
Master Patek Qaqyesil, Kunteki of Manoa says to you, "I'm used to it. Many 
Student's can't speak the proper tongue, so, well."
 
You nod your head.
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "I have just informed Apostle 
Genjuro that should he be so inclined as to sleep during my lecture, he will be
stung."
 
You say to Nayyirah, "Begin then, Apostle."
 
Nayyirah peers at Genjuro unscrupulously.
 
Nayyirah gives you a nod of acknowledgement.
 
Pressing her palms together before her, Nayyirah performs a respectful bow.
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "Thank you all for coming. What I 
would like to speak to you about today is the first in a series of lectures on 
The Way."
 
Patek's deadly tail sways slowly behind him.
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "To exist in harmony with oneself 
is the goal of every Manoan. However, greater physical and emotional demands 
are constantly placed upon a Taekyon monk in all areas of life. The result is 
an imbalance in the the three Paths, Body, Mind, and Spirit, that can result in
both physical and mental afflictions or disharmony and can sometimes cause an 
individual to turn to the crutches of Magick."
 

Patek sucks thoughtfully on his teeth.
 

Patek swings his tail aimlessly.
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says to Patek, "Feel free to interject or
comment, Kunteki."
 
Nayyirah nods her head.

You suck thoughtfully upon a feathered peacepipe of cedarwood.
 
Patek sucks thoughtfully on his teeth.

Master Patek Qaqyesil, Kunteki of Manoa says, "No comment."
  
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "Understanding the relationship of 
the three Paths can lead one to supreme knowledge and eternal bliss in the 
union of the individual Self with the universal Self. The Way provides the 
Manoan with the means of understanding this relationship and keeping all Paths 
in harmony. It is the light of life and the creative consciousness that never 
sleeps. It is that which always was, always is, and always will be."
 
Nayyirah grins mischievously at Patek.
 
Patek's deadly tail sways slowly behind him.
 
Patek gnaws intently on a feathered peacepipe of cedarwood.
 
Patek's deadly tail sways slowly behind him.

Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "One of the first things that a 
newly awakened Manoan learns are the postures and katas. Many postures were 
derived from the natural movements and positions of animals such as the Eagle 
or the Scorpion."
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "These postures make use of 
examples from nature in how to help oneself. The postures are more than just 
physical positions however, they have a far reaching effect upon Mind, Body, 
and Spirit. Among the many things that they do, the postures strengthen and 
balance the entire nervous system and harmonise and stabilise the Manoans state
of mind."
 
Nayyirah sinks back into the menacing stance of the Scorpion.
 
Patek's mouth turns up as his face breaks into a smile.
 
Nayyirah eases herself out of the Scorpion stance.
Nayyirah tenses her muscles and looks about sharply as she takes the stance of 
the Cat.
 
Patek sucks thoughtfully on his teeth.
  
Master Patek Qaqyesil, Kunteki of Manoa says, "Scorpion was superior."
 
Patek nods sagely at himself.
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "The Cat stance is not only good 
for tensing muscles, but it also stretches the spine."
 
Nayyirah gives Patek an acknowledging nod.
 
Patek sucks thoughtfully on his teeth.
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "It is not as spine stretching 
though, but definitely superior for kickboxing."
 
Patek stands up from an akrabi prayer mat.
 
Patek tenses his muscles and looks about sharply as he takes the stance of the 
Cat.
 
Patek sucks thoughtfully on his teeth.

You have emoted: Rilore growls slowly as he sucks on his pipe, scowling 
sidewards at Patek.
 
Patek takes a seat on an akrabi prayer mat.
 
Patek gives you a nod of acknowledgement.
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "From the postures, one flows in 
the katas. Katas are forms of movement and action that help a Manoan learn to 
focus and concentrate, not only on what the body is doing physically, but also 
mentally and regulating the flow or energy between the shaka or energy centres 
found in each individual."
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "I mean into the katas."
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "Tudents often express dismay at 
the constant need for rest while mastering the katas. Not only is the."
 
Nayyirah gives herself a pained sigh.

Patek nudges Nayyirah with his smooth, segmented tail, urging her to proceed.
 
Patek gnaws intently on a feathered peacepipe of cedarwood.
 
Patek's deadly tail sways slowly behind him.

You tell Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn, "Just continue, such a small 
mistake will not been noticed."
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "It's good for the Spirt and Mind 
too."
 
Nayyirah grins mischievously.
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "The sleep and rest required during
training serve to train the Student in relaxation. By developing the ability to
relax, the feeling for one's own body is deepened. Physical and mental 
relaxation are prerequisites for the correct performance of all katas and it is
the only in this way that the effects of the postures will completely unfold."
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "So next time a Student complains 
about having to sleep so much, you can just tell them that if you wish."
 
"Heh heh heh," Patek chuckles.
 
Patek nods his head.
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "And that is all for my first, but 
hopefully not last lecture on The Way. I am hoping to further explore the 
relationship and connection of the shakas."
 
Pressing her palms together before her, Nayyirah performs a respectful bow.
 
You nod your acknowledgement of Nayyirah.
 
Patek's deadly tail sways slowly behind him.

Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "Thank you all for coming and for 
not falling asleep and being very patient with my speech impediments."
 
You say to Nayyirah, "Please keep standing, Apostle."
 
Pressing her palms together before her, Nayyirah performs a respectful bow.

Nayyirah nods her head.
 
Patek sucks thoughtfully on his teeth.
 
You have emoted: Rilore slowly raises his bulky frame, using his cane for 
support.
  
You stand up from an akrabi prayer mat.
 
You ask, "Are there questions or comments regarding the Apostle's lecture?"
 
Patek nods his head.
 
Master Patek Qaqyesil, Kunteki of Manoa says to Nayyirah, "You see a direct 
relationship between the mastery and kata practice, and The Way, this is so, 
yes?"
 
Elamar ponders the situation.

Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says to Patek, "Most definitely, Master. 
I think to truly master them, one must also embrace The Way."

Master Patek Qaqyesil, Kunteki of Manoa says to Nayyirah, "Then, what of those 
who retain the mastery, but follow not The Way? Hursh, Terri - their master of 
the katas is unquestioned - as is the fact that they are not following The 
Way."
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "Otherwise they are just physical 
actions with no substance."
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "They are clearly imbalanced 
because they have mastered only the Body path."
 
Patek sucks thoughtfully on his teeth.
 
Patek nods his head.

Master Patek Qaqyesil, Kunteki of Manoa says, "So, there is more to mastery of 
the body, than, well, simple mastery of the body. Just so."
 
You have emoted: Rilore holds one paw in front of his muzzle, concealing a wry 
grin.
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "While their bodies may be strong, 
their Spirits and Minds are clearly afflicted with the Taint."
 
Nayyirah gives Patek an acknowledging nod.

Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "You cannot have complete mastery 
of Self without all three Paths."

Patek nods his head.
  
Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "Is mastery of Taekate the only avenue to 
master Self? Can one master the Self without study of Taekate?"
 
Patek sucks thoughtfully on his teeth.
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says to Elamar, "Oh yes, there are other 
avenues such as Kaido and Telepathy. I intend to delve into those areas too."
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "Three skills, Three Paths, all are
connected."
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "One Whole."
 
Master Patek Qaqyesil, Kunteki of Manoa says, "Full mastery of self, would 
require all three paths to be followed. The wardens of the woods, may master 
their bodies, to a degree..."
 
Master Patek Qaqyesil, Kunteki of Manoa says, "But, they lack the encouragment 
and drive to delve into mind and spirit."
 
Patek sucks thoughtfully on his teeth.
 
Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "I was thinking such things as painting, 
poetry, philosophy, and other such arts."
 
Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "While they belong to other paths, I have 
known a few people who seemed much further along the Way than I. And they were 
poorly skilled in Taekate."
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "I think perhaps as long as the 
balance between the three Paths is maintained and the energy allowed to flow 
freely and controlled between them it might be possible."
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "Harder to accomplish perhaps."
 
You gnaw intently on a feathered peacepipe of cedarwood.
 
Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "Please pardon me. I do not mean to 
disagree. I am simply wondering out loud."
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "The Way offers a discipline in 
which one may grow in the Paths. If the Paths are not balanced people turn to 
things such as Weed or what is much worse, Magick."
 
Patek smiles wryly, a look of amusement passing over his features.
 
Patek gnaws intently on a feathered peacepipe of cedarwood.
 
Patek's deadly tail sways slowly behind him.

Patek takes a long drag off his pipe, exhaling a thick, white haze.
 
You suddenly perceive the vague outline of an aura of rebounding around Patek.
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "Are there any other questions or 
comments? I welcome constructive criticism too."
 
Patek sucks thoughtfully on his teeth.
 

Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "One thing..."

Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "Is The Way an absolute guide 
to Enlightenment...or is it just the guideline that Taekyon are suggested to 
follow?"

"Heh heh heh," Patek chuckles.
 
Master Patek Qaqyesil, Kunteki of Manoa says, "It is no suggestions... as 
you've seen."
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "That I do not know. For me The Way
is the absolute guide as I was raised by Master Kayden in the Burrows."
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "The Way simple is."
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "Simply I mean."
 
Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "So anyone who is not 
particularly following what we call "The Way" cannot find enlightenment?"
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "If you mean is it suggested for 
Taekyon, than no, it is absolute as the Kunteki has said."
 
Master Patek Qaqyesil, Kunteki of Manoa says, "To remain within Manoa, the Way 
must be followed. It amounts to law - if you are not working towards 
enlightenment via The Way, there is no point to be had in remaining among 
Manoa."
 
Nayyirah gives Patek an acknowledging nod.
 
You ponder the situation.

Master Patek Qaqyesil, Kunteki of Manoa says to Genjuro, "We find it the best 
path to be had. All other forms of seeking - all lack."
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says to Genjuro, "I do not know if they 
can find it or not. I think any method they use will be The Way, just not 
stated or recognized as such."
 
You ask, in Lycaean, "Are there any other questions?"
 
You have emoted: Rilore coughs violently.
  
You shall now speak in Common.
 
Master Patek Qaqyesil, Kunteki of Manoa says to Genjuro, "The Clerics, they 
follow a spiritual path - but neglect their minds."
You ask, "Are there any other questions?"
 

Master Patek Qaqyesil, Kunteki of Manoa says, "The justicars, spirituality and 
the body - but still, the mind is ignored."
 
Nayyirah whispers to you, "Are you ill, Master?"
 
Genjuro looks about himself, rubbing his chin thoughtfully.
 
Master Patek Qaqyesil, Kunteki of Manoa says, "The wardancers - pure focus on 
body."

You shake your head at Nayyirah.
 
Nayyirah whispers to you, "Ah good. I was worried and thought I might have to 
speak with your mate about taking better care of you."
 
Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "I have many questions, but that is good. I 
am glad to have heard this lecture. I must think on what I have heard."
 
Master Patek Qaqyesil, Kunteki of Manoa says, "In all respects - yes, The Way 
is the only true path I can concieve for enlightenment to be achieved."
 
Nayyirah flashes Patek a joyous smile.
 
You nod your head.
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says to Patek, "I agree, Kunteki."
 
You say, "Then I hereby declare the end of this lecture, of course, I won't 
keep anybody from further discussings."
 
Patek's deadly tail sways slowly behind him.
 
You give an elegant white letter to Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn.
  
Nayyirah flashes you a joyous smile.
 

Nayyirah puts an elegant white letter into a small medicine pouch.
 
Genjuro stands up from the ground.
 

Genjuro sits down.
 

You say to Nayyirah, "You might want to transcribe it to either a scroll or the
newsboard of the Path of the Spirit."

Patek nods his head.

Patek's deadly tail sways slowly behind him.
 
Patek stands up from an akrabi prayer mat.
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says to you, "Which would you prefer, 
Master?"

Patek rubs some salve on his skin.
 
You ponder for a moment and say "Hrm..."
 
Patek rubs his hands together greedily.

Pressing his palms together before him, Patek performs a respectful bow.
 
Nayyirah faces Patek, presses her palms together before her and performs a 
respectful bow.
 
Patek leaves to the east.
He is followed by a large, gold flecked hawk named Kep.
You tell Master Patek Qaqyesil, Kunteki of Manoa, "Iron Fangs, Master."
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "The News perhaps since it is the 
first and I would like to add to it?"
 
You nod your head.
 
Nayyirah nods her head.
  
You say, "You could use a book and use one page for each 'chapter' then."
 
Nayyirah flashes you a joyous smile.
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "I shall do that."
 
Nayyirah tells you, "Both then, news and book?"

Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "Can a book be added to once it's 
in the library?"
 
You tell Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn, "News first, maybe you want to 
add or rewrite something in it before you post it in a book."
 
Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "At a cost. Or at least, such was the case."

You say, "With difficulties."
 
Comprehension flashes across Nayyirah's face.
 
Nayyirah tells you, "Okay, post first."
 
You say, "The head librarian has to be present to get the original, as copies 
cannot be edited."
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "Book then after I have finished it
all."
 
You nod your head affirmatively at Nayyirah.
 
Nayyirah flashes you a joyous smile.
 
Elamar ponders the situation.
 
Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "Do you have a scroll to use? I find them 
useful for gathering brief thoughts."
 
Elamar takes a rolled scroll from a sleek caravan master's satchel.
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "I will have to get one from the 
shop at home."
 
Elamar begins making an entry in his journal, and disappears from sight.
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "That's so disconcerting."
 
Elamar has finished writing and returns from the editor.
 
Elamar's eyes gleam with generosity.
 
Elamar gives a rolled scroll to Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn.
 
Elamar rubs his hands together greedily.
 
Nayyirah flashes Elamar a joyous smile.
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn smiles and says to Elamar, "Thank you."
 
Elamar takes a personal journal from a sleek caravan master's satchel.
 
Elamar's mouth turns up as his face breaks into a smile.
 
Elamar begins making an entry in his journal, and disappears from sight.
 
Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "I cannot write on another's scroll
though."

Elamar has finished writing and returns from the editor.
 
Nayyirah gives a rolled scroll to Brother Elamar Savet Elandor.
 
Elamar tilts his head curiously.

Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "Are you unable to write to it?"
 
Nayyirah nods her head.
 
Elamar creases his brow in a frown.
 
Elamar puts a personal journal into a sleek caravan master's satchel.
 
Elamar puts a rolled scroll into a sleek caravan master's satchel.

Nayyirah gives a pained sigh.

Apostle Nayyirah, Beloved of the Dawn says, "Oddly, it's times like this when I
miss Brother Lorccan. I'm quite sure he would have torn the lecture apart."
 
You bestow your guildfavour on Nayyirah.
 
Nayyirah flashes you a joyous smile.