+++
aliases = ["/logs/29"]
category = "Roleplay"
game = "Imperian"
points = 0
title = "Ilaan's interview for Death"
votes = 0
+++

Jazyra Dhevar says, "Alright then. After reading An Introduction to the
Philosophy of Death... tell me some about what you've learned from it."

You ponder the situation.

You say, "Well, the main idea, I believe is the search for Truth, and the
knowledge that our Soul is our true form, both of which are more or less one in
the same. In our Soul, we find Truth."

You say, "I was also informed of the genesis of the realms, and the origin of
Lords Avasyu and Thanatos, and how we are but shards of them, and the original
existence, the Alpha."

Jazyra nods slowly.

Jazyra's forked tongue flickers out briefly as she tests the air.

You look about yourself, rubbing your chin thoughtfully.

Jazyra Dhevar says, "Mm."

Jazyra Dhevar says, "With what you've read from the Scriptures, and this tome,
tell me a bit about the illusions of Life."

You nod your head.

Jazyra Dhevar says, "From your perspective and such, of course. I'd rather hear
what you feel then what you've read."

Jazyra's forked tongue flickers out briefly as she tests the air.

Your mouth turns up as your face breaks into a smile.

You say, "Of course."

You say, "The physical realm is an illusion, but a purposeful one. In our
physical forms, we are able to learn the Truth, and to experience being
without, to know what it is to be without that knowledge, and to have our true
forms confined, so that we may better appreciate the knoweldge of the Truth and
our Soul. Were we to inherently know the Truth and not be confined by our
physical self, we would take these things for granted, and not see them for the
wonders that they are."

You say, "I apologize for being slow in collecting my thoughts, I prefer to
choose my words carefully."

Your mouth turns up as your face breaks into a smile.

Jazyra nods her head.

Jazyra Dhevar says, "Quite alright."

Jazyra Dhevar leans back on her hands, stretching her legs out in front of her.

Jazyra Dhevar says, "Very good."
smile

Your mouth turns up as your face breaks into a smile.

Jazyra Dhevar says, "With that in mind.. what.. aspects of ourselves are
illusions as well?"

You ponder the situation.

You say, "I'm not sure what you're referring to, do you speak of emotions? Or
something else?"

Jazyra nods her head affirmatively.

You look about yourself, rubbing your chin thoughtfully.

Jazyra Dhevar says, "That's exactly what I was talking of, actually."

Jazyra Dhevar says, "Many people mistake our emotions with our Souls."

You nod your head.

Jazyra Dhevar says, "When we go to Dis, that's part of the illusion that we
aren't free of. Our emotions, thoughts.. feelings. Most tend to think they our
Soul. Which really doesn't make sense if they'd put some thought into it.
Emotions aren't knowledge, or power."

You say, "But our emotions come from within. I do not see the need to cut them
off entirely, but isntead use them wisely, learn to control them, and know when
you're gettign too attached to the physical realm."

You look about yourself, rubbing your chin thoughtfully.

Jazyra nods her head affirmatively.

Jazyra Dhevar says, "Exactly."

Jazyra Dhevar says, "Without our emotions, we certainly wouldn't experience
life."

You look about yourself, rubbing your chin thoughtfully.

Jazyra Dhevar says, "Our emotions do come from within, but not within our
Soul."

You nod slowly.

You say, "I think I understand."

Jazyra Dhevar says, "The moment our body is born, our Soul.. who we are.. are
put into the body."

Jazyra Dhevar says, "Remember, in the beginning, our Souls were free, just as
we seek now."

You say, "So... the changes, I suppose you could say, that occur during
physical life - the learning of knowledge, primarily - are these changes
superficial?"

You ponder the situation.

You say, "Do we inherently already possess this knoweldge, and we are just
unlocking it?"

Jazyra Dhevar says, "Sort of both. Before we were trapped here, we didn't know
what 'here' is. But at the same time... we were powerful in the aspect that we
were free Souls already. Does that make sense?"

Jazyra Dhevar says, "Our Souls do know things prior.. but they are
unenlightened as to what our Lord.. Avasyu.. Aetherius.. all of these illusions
are."

Jazyra ponders the situation.

Jazyra Dhevar says, "That make it better or worse?"

You chuckle long and heartily.

You say, "Somewhat of both."

You give a mischievous grin.

Jazyra grins mischievously.

Jazyra Dhevar says, "Well, let's hear the questions."

You say, "I think... you're saying that our Souls were, or are, omniscient, but
in order to form that knoweldge into something useful, we had to experience the
knowledge."

You say, "If that makes any sense."

You utter a deep, rumbling laugh.

Jazyra grins mischievously.

Jazyra Dhevar says, "Yes, it does."

Jazyra Dhevar says, "It's a tricky thing to try to put into words."

You say, "Sort of like if you had all the clay in the world, you wouldn't have
a sculpture until you focused on that clay."

Jazyra nods slowly.

Your mouth turns up as your face breaks into a smile.

Jazyra Dhevar says, "When your Soul is put into a body, a few things affect
it."

Jazyra Dhevar says, "It's put into a body that's so little, and worthless, that
it can't do much of anything to escape. The body's thoughts and images are
unfocused, so the Soul sees them that way."

You nod slowly.

Jazyra Dhevar says, "So not only is the Soul experiencing life for the first
time, it's doing so in a body that's worthless."

Jazyra Dhevar says, "Mind you, not all babies survive. The urge for life in
others, like parents, force them to keep these babies alive. They want to see
their child live... so they make it a point to nurture it until it can do so
itself."

You nod your head.

Jazyra Dhevar says, "It's a fine Balance, really."

Jazyra Dhevar says, "How would a Soul be enlightened if it weren't born into
life, yes?"

You nod your head.

Jazyra Dhevar says, "Yet, why would we want to let them live and become so
engrossed in this nonsense at the same time?"

You say, "I understand now."

Your mouth turns up as your face breaks into a smile.

Jazyra nods her head.

Jazyra Dhevar says, "Do you have any other questions?"

You say, "Not at the moment, no."

You say, "I'm sure I'll have plenty in the future."

You chuckle long and heartily.

Jazyra nods her head.

Jazyra Dhevar says, "Very well, then."

Jazyra Dhevar says, "Have you considered a calling for yourself yet?"

You nod your head.

You say, "I wish to become an Aspirant."

Jazyra nods her head.

Jazyra Dhevar says, "Why have you decided this path was yours to take?"

You say, "I enjoy learning and philosophizing, and sharing and discussing my
thoughts with others. I have always considered myself somewhat of a aspiring
philosopher."

Jazyra nods her head.

Cool, stagnant air flows past, carried by an unseen force.

Jazyra Dhevar says, "Lemme see here."

Jazyra Dhevar says, "I believe you've got a solid understanding of Death, and
I'm glad that you can get a little deeper into it than most I run into."

Your mouth turns up as your face breaks into a smile.

You nod your head.

Jazyra Dhevar says, "You'll have to pardon me for a moment, don't remember what
rank is Aspirant offhand."

You have been appointed to the position of Aspirant in the Congregation of the
Divine Order of Thanatos.

"Ha!" Jazyra exclaims with gusto.

Jazyra Dhevar says, "Excellent."

Jazyra stands up from the ground.

You chuckle long and heartily.

You stand up from the ground.

You say, "Thank you, M'lady."

Jazyra Dhevar says, "Do you have any other questions while we're here?"

You say, "I need one Priest to report to as I complete my requirements, yes?"

Jazyra Dhevar says, "Correct."

You say, "I would like to report to you, if that's okay with you."

Jazyra enthuses, "Sure!"

Your mouth turns up as your face breaks into a smile.

You ponder the situation.

Jazyra Dhevar says, "I'd be more than willing to."

You say, "So I'm guessing now I should start thinking about the topic of my
discussion."

You say, "Is there anything else I need to do?"

You say, "Suggested literature?"

Your mouth turns up as your face breaks into a smile.

Jazyra Dhevar says, "Mm, I'd suggest reading through anything in the Library of
the Church that catches your eye. There's lots of books there that are
insignificant, but end up teaching you more than you think they could."

You nod your head.

Jazyra Dhevar says, "After your discussion, and reading, we'll have a final
interview regarding a few things..."

You say, "Sounds ominous."

You chuckle long and heartily.

Jazyra snickers softly to herself.

"Nah," Jazyra says, with a slight wave of her hand.

Jazyra Dhevar says, "I'll want to know what called you to Death. To know that
you understand why we seek Death, and to prove to me that you are willing to
put your life into teaching Death."

You nod your head.

Jazyra Dhevar says, "So be prepared to answer those questions, along with a few
others."

Jazyra Dhevar says, "Do you know how to get to the Library and such?"

You nod your head.

Jazyra nods her head.

Jazyra Dhevar says, "Good good."

Jazyra beckons you to her.

You begin to follow Jazyra.