+++
aliases = ["/logs/91"]
category = "Roleplay"
game = "Imperian"
points = 1
title = "Elamar and Genjuro on Magick"
votes = 1
+++

A subterranean dojang. (Monastery of Manoa.)
This has been marked as holy ground. Laytrun, monk of Manoa, stands in the 
corner, head bowed in deep meditation. A bear of white marble stands here, a 
butterfly perched atop its outstretched paw. A display case is here. A bear 
skin prayer mat rests on the ground here. There are 2 akrabi prayer mats here. 
Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar is here.
You see exits leading east, west, and down.

Genjuro's mouth turns up as his face breaks into a smile.


Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "Fishing, eh?"

You give a bamboo fishing pole the once-over, eyeing it suspiciously.

You cease to wield a bamboo fishing pole.

Genjuro chuckles long and heartily.
 
You frown and say, "Always forget."


Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "Master, for the last few 
months...I've been thinking about something..."

You nod your head.

You say, "About what?"
 
Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "Our telepathic abilities..."

Genjuro looks about himself, rubbing his chin thoughtfully.

Elamar arrives from the east.

Pressing his palms together before him, Elamar performs a respectful bow.

You nod your head at Elamar politely.

Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "I was under the impression 
that whenever we use telepathy, that we would be using telepathic 
"energies"..."

Genjuro faces Elamar, presses his palms together before him and performs a 
respectful bow.

Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "But now that I think about 
it...perhaps telepathy is just a higher function of the brain...you know, more 
like a capacity of the mind's functions that no one, until the monks appeared, 
even bothered to explore..."

Cool, stagnant air flows past, carried by an unseen force.

Genjuro looks about himself, rubbing his chin thoughtfully.

You ponder the situation.
Your pose is now: pondering.

You say, "Would that change anything?"

Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "Not really...except if 
telepathy were an "energy" being manipulated by Taekyon, then how different is 
that from a mage manipulating elemental energies..."

Genjuro sits down.

Genjuro shrugs helplessly.

Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "Fire is an energy that cooks manipulate."

Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "Fire is not magic."

Elamar takes a seat on a rolled-up bear skin prayer mat.

Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "No, neither is water..."

Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "Nor wind."

Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "But we label those who use 
elemental arcane as "magickers"."

Elamar ponders the situation.

Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "And where would tattoos fit into this line 
of thought?"

You say, in Lycaean, "I think there is a study by Master Yobgal concerning 
tattoos in the library?"

Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "That's exactly what I'm 
wondering. Where do we draw the line between magick and anti-magick?"

Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "And that reminds me...lycaean
is next on my languages to learn list."
 
Genjuro gives himself an acknowledging nod.

Elamar gives you a nod of acknowledgement.

Elamar's mouth turns up as his face breaks into a smile.

You nod your acknowledgement of Genjuro.

Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "When I studied as a mage, there was a 
phenomenon that struck me and stuck with me for some time. It was significant 
enough that I remember it even now."

Genjuro tilts his head and listens intently to Elamar.

Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "Elemancy, the mage use of the elements, 
consists of the manipulation of four elements."

Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "But, there are five elements in total."

Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "The fifth one being...?"

Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "Spirit is the element mages have been, at 
least when I was a mage, unable to make use of. Clerics were the only ones able
to access Spirit. Thus, it seemed to me at the time that Clerics were a sort of
specialized mage. Unknowingly."

Scurrying across the chamber, a small mouse disappears from sight.
  
Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "I must wonder at this now, knowing what I 
know now. There is much to understand again."

Genjuro ponders for a moment and says "Hrm..."

Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "From what I understand...the 
Clerics use the divine's Diachaim for their abilities..."

Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "Unless you mean...the 
guardian seraphs that they summon..."

Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "My understanding of clerics has always been
less than full. It may be that I am incorrect. But clerics have the means to 
block elemental energies through Spirit. They heal through Spirit. They bind 
the Spirit element just as mages bind the base elements. Again, this is only my
own experiences, which necessarily are lacking."
 
Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "I was once an Antiochan, and 
I have seen many clerics at work..."

Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "Obviously, it is lacking. They could not be
mages, or the gods would tell them thus, correct?"

Genjuro nods slowly.

Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "I would have to agree..."

Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "When I would watch clerics 
heal others...or smite them, even...they would always pray to their god."

Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "Now my assumption is that the
actual result is a direct answer to prayers."

Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "There is a fairly easy line that could be 
drawn."

Elamar ponders the situation.

Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "Magicks of all forms suffer from magical 
backlash, depending on the type of magic and where it is used. I am familiar 
with it, from my time as a mage. I have never experienced it when making use of
telepathy."

Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "What type of backlash?"

Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "Sometimes, the magic fails outright. 
Sometimes, there is pain involved. Sometimes, the magic is more effective. 
Mages making use of magic in Kinsarmar, for example. In some places, such as 
Ithaqua, use of magic is almost assuredly deadly."

Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "I remember one time calling upon illusory 
reflections in Ithaqua. It killed me."

Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "The attempt killed you?"

Elamar nods his head.

Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "Once, one of the mages used a spell... I 
cannot remember which spell, but it made him able to discern all languages for 
a time. He suddenly understood all languages, and could speak Orc, Dragon and 
other tongues I don't remember now."

You snarl, in Lycaean, "That's how we determinate Magick, what shreds you is."

You nod sagely.

Elamar gives you a nod of acknowledgement.

Genjuro ponders for a moment and says "Hrm..."

Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "I heard bards had a word that
allowed them to understand languages."

Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "This person you speak of was 
not a bard?"

Elamar shakes his head.

Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "Sorin, Master of Novices at the time."

Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "I have been a bard, and was once familiar 
with their Words and Songs. That Word does not allow the speaker to speak in an
unknown language."

Genjuro ponders for a moment and says "Hrm..."

Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "My apologies, it takes much time to rebuild
one's outlook on the world. I have not explored all the smaller questions that 
arise from this change."

Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "I see."

Dripping water can be heard, echoing in the distance.

Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "I just want to know where the
line is drawn...That's all, really. I don't want to label something as "magick"
just because it's how everyone else labels it."

Elamar's mouth turns up as his face breaks into a smile.

Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "I want to know "why" it's 
labeled as such."
 
Genjuro shrugs helplessly.
 
Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "Magic is that energy released by the 
sundering of the old moon. That which exists now but could not have existed 
before, that is magic or the effects of magic."
 
Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "The difficulty would be in discerning 
whether something could have existed before."
 
Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "Diachaim."

Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "That is the "magick" of the 
gods."

Comprehension flashes across Elamar's face.

Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "It has been in existence 
since the Creation."
 
Paran Educator, Adherent Genjuro Valstivar says, "The breaking of the One moon 
merely released wieldable magicks into the mortal realm. At least, that's how I
understand it."

Genjuro stands up from the ground.

Pressing his palms together before him, Genjuro performs a respectful bow.

Genjuro leaves to the west.
 
Elamar ponders the situation.

Brother Elamar Savet Elandor says, "Please excuse me. I still have much reading
to do."

Elamar stands up from a rolled-up bear skin prayer mat.

Elamar faces you, presses his palms together before him and performs a 
respectful bow.
 
Elamar leaves to the east.