+++
aliases = ["/logs/1571"]
category = "Roleplay"
character = "Kayden"
game = "Imperian"
points = 2
title = "Kayden Leaving AM"
votes = 2
+++

The peaceful form of Ahkan, Aspect of Aryana enters from the northeast.

You narrow your eyes to thin slits.

Ahkan Elith, Ultimatum of Sukhder says, "If I was returning the favor, you 
wouldn't see me."

Ahkan Elith, Ultimatum of Sukhder says, "What brings you out of the temple, did
Ithaqua welcome you back after you and I plotted their demise?"

You say, in Akrabi, "I come and go as I please, to where I please."

You say, in Akrabi, "If you plotted such a thing against my home, I had no part
in it. Though, it seems you've now destroyed a second council."

You snort arrogantly.

Ahkan Elith, Ultimatum of Sukhder says, in Akrabi, "Destroyed is really a 
matter of perspective."

You say, in Akrabi, "You allowed my village to devolve and be overrun with the 
worthless mongrels we'd kept out for so many years. And now, you allow demons 
to roam beneath the Redwood."

With a dry hiss, you raise your tail in warning, the venomous barb at its tip 
glistening dangerously.

You ask, in Akrabi, "What is it they have given you to allow such... filth?"

Ahkan Elith, Ultimatum of Sukhder says, in Akrabi, "We allowed the village to 
be overrun by idiots. You were the only one who did not see the Ithaqua 
returning to barbarism. If I remember, we asked you to come with us."

Ahkan Elith, Ultimatum of Sukhder says, in Akrabi, "Filth? I think not. It is 
not what we were told it was."

You smile wryly, quite clearly amused.

You say, in Akrabi, "What is it you were told, then?"

His lips curling in a sardonic smile, Ahkan Elith, Ultimatum of Sukhder says, 
in Akrabi, "Some would consider lurking in a cave in the western celidon to be 
filthy."

Ahkan Elith, Ultimatum of Sukhder says, in Akrabi, "How's that whole, denying 
magicks and impurity dogma working out for you, anyways?"

You say, in Akrabi, "I remain a god among insects."

You snort arrogantly.

Ahkan Elith, Ultimatum of Sukhder says, in Akrabi, "Ahh, so you understand the 
plight of Khandava. That was our feeling when we turned to that place your 
beliefs warn you not to look."

You say, in Akrabi, "If you have something to show me, demon, do so. The hunter
must know his prey, after all. Be quick, before my blade finds your throat."

The segments of your tail click faintly as it sways behind you.

Ahkan Elith, Ultimatum of Sukhder says, in Akrabi, "The only thing that needs 
to be seen is how Khandava has risen from obscurity under our guidance. You 
were once my friend when we believed that our might was right. It saddens me to
know you lurk here in these woods like an exile."

Ahkan Elith, Ultimatum of Sukhder says, in Akrabi, "You fought for and defended
the pines, what did the Ironwood do for you when you needed it?"

You say, in Akrabi, "I need nothing and no one. I am Midbere."

Ahkan Elith, Ultimatum of Sukhder says, in Akrabi, "Ah, an old name with a 
rich, fervent history. I'm sure the hermit of Western Celidon will be forever 
remembered."

You growl menacingly.

Ahkan Elith, Ultimatum of Sukhder says, in Akrabi, "The man I knew wouldn't be 
in that cave. He'd be covered in blood and seeking revenge and all those things
that real predators do."

You have emoted: A masked man clicks in a series of slow, contemplative tones.

You ask, in Akrabi, "You have a path towards that vengeance?"

You raise an eyebrow questioningly.

Ahkan Elith, Ultimatum of Sukhder says, in Akrabi, "I believe I do."

You say, in Akrabi, "Speak, Elith."

Ahkan Elith, Ultimatum of Sukhder says, in Akrabi, "Mm, that filth you spoke 
of? It has made Khandava strong. It has made me strong. We need not hold back 
and parlay with fools, idiots and barbarians. We set our own path and answer to
no one but ourselves."

Aralin arrives from the north.

You reach up and release the clasp holding your mask in place, and reveal your face.

Aralin wraps her tail gently around you, affectionately pulling you close.

Ahkan Elith, Ultimatum of Sukhder says, in Akrabi, "All you have to do is take 
that first step, my old friend."

You tap your tail against the ground.

Aralin tilts her head curiously.

You say, in Akrabi, "I have taken many steps on that path. It has been my 
life's work. A 'first step' is a bit of an insult then, aye?"

Aralin raises an eyebrow at you.

Ahkan Elith, Ultimatum of Sukhder says, in Akrabi, "Khandava has had a long 
existence and only last month did she take her first true step towards the 
future."

You say, in Akrabi, "She is not I. I, who have forged my own path in blood and 
vengeance. My life has been a series of battles and wars, unending. This is 
what I am. I am war."

Your eyes sparkle with amusement.

Ahkan Elith, Ultimatum of Sukhder says, in Akrabi, "And...this is your 
battleground?"

You growl menacingly.

Aralin clicks and chitters in agitation.

You say, in Akrabi, "If you have an alternative, 'old friend', I've asked 
already for you to speak it."

Ahkan Elith, Ultimatum of Sukhder says, in Akrabi, "Join us."

Aralin Midbere says to you, in Akrabi, "Would you care to explain the 
situation?"

You ask Aralin, in Akrabi, "Situation, love?"

Aralin taps her tail against the ground.

You say, in Akrabi, "There is no new power there that I cannot attain on my 
own. There is nothing to make me stronger that I do not already possess."

Ahkan Elith, Ultimatum of Sukhder says, in Akrabi, "How can you say that? You 
have not even looked everywhere for power."

Aralin Midbere says to you, in Akrabi, "You know what I speak of. What has 
happened, Kayden?"

Aralin clicks.

You ask, in Akrabi, "Does the hawk need to look elsewhere to know that it can 
soar? Does the wolf look, to know that it may rend flesh from bone?"

You say, in Akrabi, "They do not. I do not. I have no need."

You narrow your eyes at Aralin in an unnerving manner.

You say to Aralin, in Akrabi, "I am Onyx."

Ahkan Elith, Ultimatum of Sukhder says, in Akrabi, "You are not the wolf and 
you are not the hawk, though. They are free. They come and go as they please 
and they hunt as they please. You are a more like a hibernating bear. What is 
this, your third, fourth winter?"

Ahkan Elith, Ultimatum of Sukhder says, in Akrabi, "What if I told you there 
was a power that one could grasp that would make these trees that surround us 
rise up and turn against you or turn against those who have nurtured them four 
a thousand years?"

You click.

Aralin Midbere says to you, in Akrabi, "I am aware of your title. You are also 
my husband, and should feel some obligation to inform me of what exactly you 
are doing here."

You say, in Akrabi, "I do not believe such a thing. Prove it. Show me 
more."

A vision of yourself standing atop a mountain of bodies suddenly fills your 
mind, causing it to swim. The taste of blood, the scent of death lingers in 
your nose and mouth. Faces of those below your feet, you recognize as those 
whom have betrayed you. Atop them all you stand, overlooking the wooded area 
beneath you.

You say to Aralin, in Akrabi, "I have obligations to no man."

Aralin clicks and chitters in agitation.

Ahkan Elith, Ultimatum of Sukhder says, in Akrabi, "I am just the messenger. If
you want to see, don that mask of yours and scamper around the paths of the 
Deadwood Council. My brother has such power. At Monarch square, you'll see a 
charred treant, spreading the word of this power."

You have emoted: Kayden pauses a moment, appearing to lose himself in thought. 
He tilts his head backward, taking in whatever scent is on the wind.

You say, in Akrabi, "I have one question, 'old friend', and I expect an answer 
in full honesty."

Ahkan Elith, Ultimatum of Sukhder says, in Akrabi, "Certainly."

Aralin Midbere says to you, in Akrabi, "My patience is wearing thin, love. Who 
are you speaking to?"

You say to Aralin, in Akrabi, "Not to you, if that were not clear already."

Aralin Midbere says to you, in Akrabi, "I've gathered that much."

You nod your acknowledgement of Aralin.

You ask, in Akrabi, "Vengeance. Does this path of yours lead me there?"

Aralin Midbere says to you, in Akrabi, "Would you care to elaborate?"

Ahkan Elith, Ultimatum of Sukhder says, in Akrabi, "Where it leads is up to 
you. I can tell you the weak will not stand in our way."

You say to Aralin, in Akrabi, "I seek strength, power, as always. This should 
come as no surprise. I will move myself towards perfection on whatever path is 
opened to me for it. This is His will. I know it to be His will, as He and I 
are the same. That path is one coated in blood and revenge, aye? That is where 
I will find myself."

Ahkan Elith, Ultimatum of Sukhder says, in Akrabi, "Just this month we brought 
Kinsarmar and Celidon to its knees. Those obelisks they hide behind and use to 
bring war to your ice fort and your sand box? We will own them within the 
year."

You snort arrogantly.

You say, in Akrabi, "I've cared nothing for the Sands in ages. As for the 
Ithaqua? I wish to raze it with my own hands."

Ahkan Elith, Ultimatum of Sukhder says, in Akrabi, "Hate is good. It gives you 
determination and the will to act. Are you willing to take that first step 
towards your vengeance?"

You say to Aralin, in Akrabi, "I wonder, love, if our views remain reconciled? 
Will you give everything to follow His demands? I know that I will, even if it 
takes me away from this place."

(Order): You say, "I wish to speak to You, God. Answer me."

Aralin Midbere says to you, in Akrabi, "You know that I would sacrifice all to 
carry out His will."

Aralin clicks.

You say to Aralin, in Akrabi, "I wonder."

Aralin raises an eyebrow at you.

You click.

Aralin Midbere says to you, in Akrabi, "Have I ever given you cause to doubt 
me?"

You say to Aralin, in Akrabi, "You have not. Though it appears the greatest 
test of your Faith looms here. I will have my audience with Him."

(Order): You say, "I will take your appearance as compliance to my request, 
then."

Aralin taps her tail against the ground.

(Order): Illuminas says, "Onyx. What is the meaning of this?"

(Order): You say, "I am sure you are aware of these events, Lord. You are aware
of my intent. I will follow You until the End of Days - I ask if I have Your 
blessing in this?"

Aralin takes a step forward, her gaze suddenly suspicious. "What is your 
intent, love?"

You say to Aralin, in Akrabi, "Power."

Ahkan ripples into existence before you.

Aralin snarls viciously.

You say to Aralin, in Akrabi, "I have found a path to greater strength. Stay 
your blade."

Aralin Midbere says to you, in Akrabi, "What path would lead you to a traitor?"

You shake your head.

Aralin clicks and chitters in agitation.

The scream of a hawk rings loudly in your ears, giving way to the sound of a 
roaring wind. As your eyes are drawn heavenward, a white hawk dives towards 
you, on a direct collision course. At the last instant, the hawk disappears in 
a blinding flash of Light, and the Lord Light stands before you.

You say to Aralin, in Akrabi, "He is correct. This power he has discovered has 
brought the Redwoods back to the world stage. It has given life to the dead. It
will fuel my revenge to those who have betrayed me and my name."

Illuminas, the Bringer of Hope says to you, "I will demand an explanation. But 
not in front of this filth."

Ahkan shifts his weight uncomfortably.

Confusion passes over the face of Ahkan Elith, Ultimatum of Sukhder as he fades
from view.

Dropping to one knee, Aralin inclines her head to Illuminas before rising to 
her feet. "I would like an explanation as well, Onyx. Since when do you 
conspire with filth?"

Icily, Illuminas, the Bringer of Hope says, "Now. Kayden Midbere. Explain 
thyself."

You ask Illuminas, in Akrabi, "You have taught me always to seek strength, 
Lord. You have taught me that my Self is paramount in everything. Am I 
incorrect?"

Expressionless onyx mask tilting slightly to one side, Illuminas levels His 
gaze at you. "Continue..."

You say to Illuminas, in Akrabi, "I wish to continue on that path. I wish to 
drench that path in blood of those defiant to You."

You ask Illuminas, in Akrabi, "If there is a power that will bring to life the 
very Ironwoods themselves, that they will heed my command and bear down on the 
filth that has infested my village... should I not pursue that power?"

The segments of your tail click faintly as it sways behind you.

Illuminas steps forward, extending His hand towards you until it is mere inches
from the man's face. "Heed Me well, Midbere. You know the source of this... 
power. Has it so easily enamoured you? Are you so readily turned? Is this the 
extent of your strength, mortal?"

You say to Illuminas, in Akrabi, "It is not. My strength will grow. I will 
continue towards the Light. Give me your blessing in this, God. Allow me to 
rebuild the army that once was. All this, I will do in Your hallowed name."

You kneel before Illuminas, swearing your allegiance to Him.

Aralin stands rigid, her hands curling into fists at her sides as she watches 
the exchange.

A masked man arrives from the north.

A masked man nods his head politely.

A masked man kneels before Illuminas, swearing his allegiance to Him.

You say to a masked man, in Akrabi, "Orator."

Dist releases the clasp on his mask, revealing himself.

Aralin clicks.

Illuminas, the Bringer of Hope says to you, "You speak of foolishness. That I, 
the Light Within, might be willing to side with the filth that is the Twisted 
Wood? And what is more. That you would dare to contemplate doing the same, in 
My Name? The mind of men is warped indeed, if you can hold these two things in 
harmony. What is this? What has caused you to forsake reason for Madness? Will 
you be telling Me to take up arms with the likes of those that follow such 
things? For that matter. Who are you, Midbere?"

Illuminas reaches out and touches you with the palms of both hands, enveloping 
your skull completely in them. "Do not answer, Midbere. I will tell you. You 
are Mine. To do with as I will."

Light burns through your mind, searing through your thoughts.

You have emoted: Kayden clenches his teeth together, bracing and forcing 
himself to disallow any movement to betray the pain he hides.

Her eyes widening in shock, Aralin takes a sudden step forward. "Heed the Lord,
Kayden." She hisses, her agitation clear in her voice. "What you speak of is 
heresy."

You say, in Akrabi, "I. am. Kayden Midbere. I. am. the Hand of God. I will 
grow. I will ravage and destroy the infidels who have slandered the name of the
One Above."

You growl menacingly.

Dist's deadly tail sways slowly behind him.

You say, in Akrabi, "I will become the vegeance I set out to be. I will make 
the demons suffer."

Aralin Midbere snarls, in Akrabi, "By conspiring with them?"

You say to Aralin, in Akrabi, "I will subjugate them. They are beneath me. 
Beneath what I can become."

You snarl viciously.

Aralin Midbere says to you, in Akrabi, "You are the Lord's Hand, love. You have
achieved greatness, only to toy with this twisted notion of throwing it away."

You say to Aralin, in Akrabi, "No. I seek only to improve. To strengthen my own
Self. To transcend what I have been."

Illuminas, the Bringer of Hope says to you, "Once, you sought Me out to judge 
you. To find you innocent of the charges laid before you. Now, I find you in 
counsel with the same filth you were vindicated of before. And you are to join 
with My enemies now?"

Aralin clicks and chitters angrily.

Illuminas, the Bringer of Hope says, "There is nothing I have not granted you, 
no honour you have not attained in My service. And this is the way you repay 
Me?"

You say to Illuminas, in Akrabi, "I will sacrifice everything to avenge You. 
Even if You would turn your back on me for my loyalty. I will wash the world in
the blood of those who hate You. I will open their closed eyes... by any means 
necessary and available."

Aralin Midbere says to you, in Akrabi, "It is you who turns your back against 
the Lord, and all those who swear loyalty to Him."

You have emoted: Kayden stares coldly at his God, "I will repay you with blood 
and corpses at Your feet, as I have always sought to do."

The skies themselves tremble with the piercing cry of a hawk, and flashes of 
blinding light arc from one end of the heavens to the other.

You exclaim to Aralin, in Akrabi, "I AM the Lord! I am of Him! I am the Hand of
God! I will not be denied!"

Aralin Midbere snarls, in Akrabi, "Traitor!"

You exclaim to Aralin, in Akrabi, "Hold your tongue! You will not spit such 
nonsense to Me!"

Dist's deadly tail sways slowly behind him.

With a cold, barely restrained rage, Illuminas, the Bringer of Hope says to you, "Then hear this."

Aralin Midbere says to you, in Akrabi, "Can you not even hear yourself? You 
would betray Him? Betray me? To follow filth!"

You ask Illuminas, in Akrabi, "Will You turn Your back to Me, Lord? To the one 
who has, and who will, serve You as none before?"

Illuminas, the Bringer of Hope says to you, "You are judged. The Onyx Fist is 
broken from henceforth. A weapon beyond repair is only fit for the scrap pile. 
This should please you, for you have said this is where you wish to go. You are
stripped of your honour and have set yourself up as My enemy. May your 
self-destruction be swift."

Illuminas flares His wings, filling the forest with a blindingly white light.

Illuminas Illuminas raises His fist slowly, holds it briefly, and brings it 
down swiftly in a crushing blow. His fist shimmers with a radiant Light as He 
hurls a spear of immense force through Illuminas.
As you feel the immense presence of Lord Illuminas inside of you, your heart 
begins to sink. All goes silent around you are you are struck by an immense 
force of radiant light, causing spears of light to erupt from within your body 
as your mortal shell crumbles to dust.
You have been slain by Illuminas.

An immense visage of Illuminas, Lord of Light shimmers across the heavens as he hurls a spear of radiant white light across the skies.

You sink to your knees in despair as you realize that you have been cast out of
the Divine Order of Illuminas.
