+++
aliases = ["/logs/1476"]
category = "Roleplay"
game = "Imperian"
points = 3
title = "Sverrir and the Wolf Pup"
votes = 3
+++

Sverrir gives an ivory sitara to Nils, a weary old wolf.

Nils chomps down an ivory sitara vigorously, as though famished.

Snuffling intently at the ground, a wolf pup tumbles haphazardly about the 
tavern, seemingly oblivious to any potential danger he may possess to the 
surrounding furniture.

Sverrir leaves to the out.

Falling over its tiny paws, a wolf pup tumbles out to the out.

Falling over its tiny paws, a wolf pup tumbles out to the east.

A junction of Wendigo catwalk.                        
  (Junction spam...)

Chasing after Sverrir on floppy, clumsy paws, a wolf pup skids to a halt before
her, wide eyes staring up hopefully at her.

Sverrir says to a wolf pup, "Why hello there."

Wagging its tail once in a single content thump, a wolf pup plops down soundly 
before Sverrir, still eyeing her with acute attention.

Sverrir settles into a crouch, reaching out to scratch a wolf pup behind the 
ears.

A small charcoal cinder falls from the fire.

A wolf pup turns his head hopefully into the scratching, tail still for a 
moment as he investigates the hand deeply, broad, wet nose smearing moisture 
over Sverrir's hand before exhaling noisily. Investigation complete, the wolf 
pup resumes its enthusiastic wagging, standing up to nudge heavily against 
Sverrir's kneeling frame.

Sverrir stands up slowly, brushing a bit of snow from her trousers. She looks 
at the wolf pup intently for a moment, then beckons it to her.

Sverrir leaves to the west.

Falling over its tiny paws, a wolf pup tumbles out to the west.

A wolf pup looks at Sverrir hopefully.

Sverrir says to a wolf pup, "Come on, now."

Sverrir grins mischievously.

Sverrir leaves to the in.

Falling over its tiny paws, a wolf pup tumbles out to the in.

The Mounted Cephyreid.                                
  (Tavern spam...)

Sverrir buys a rack of hearty ogre ribs.

Sverrir puts some gold sovereigns in a sturdy black leather pack.
 
Sverrir looks shifty and says to a wolf pup, "Don't eat it all at once."
 
Sverrir sits cross-legged on the floor in the tavern, placing a rack of ogre 
ribs on the floor in front of her.
 
Sverrir drops a rack of hearty ogre ribs.

The huge chest of a native Ithaquan frost ogre has been viciously split open, 
leaving the ribs splayed wide. When cooked, the hearty meat turns a pleasant, 
pale green color, small veins of fat marbling the tender meat. The ribs are 
cooked slowly over a fire pit, the meat nearly falling away from the thick bone
as it's eaten. Crudely seasoned with coarse salt and cracked black pepper, the 
ribs are served alone.

Blinking once, a wolf pup moves in quickly, its attention completely focused 
upon the food before it as it trundles forward to push its face into the plate,
tail thumping soundly. Pushing the plate back, the pup eagerly takes to licking
at the meat rather than tearing into it in contrast to the other, older members
of his species.

Careful to avoid being bitten, Sverrir reaches out to pull the ogre ribs back. 
Wielding a dagger in her good hand, she cuts some of the meat into smaller 
pieces and extends them in the direction of the pup.

Sverrir whispers something to a wolf pup.
(Sverrir whispers: "Sivan Alesud says that wolves can hunt  for their own food. So this has to be our secret.")

Sverrir squints suspiciously at her surroundings.

Eyeing the pieces briefly, a wolf pup attempts to continue to lap at the meat 
before finally structuring the idea behind grabbing it with tiny pin-sharp 
teeth, tail finally stilling until Sverrir speaks and the pup once again picks 
up the steady thump of wagging.

After finishing the smaller bits, a wolf pup attempts to tear its own strip 
from the rack, pulling the meat back with its clumsy force.

Sverrir offers the wolf pup a crooked grin, head tilted to one side in a 
bemused expression as she intones, "There, you've about got it."

Mouth full of a strip of meat, a wolf pup releases a low, rumbled growl that 
comes out as something desperately more akin to a pubescent squeak as it tries 
furiously to free its piece of food. After a particular hard bout of whipping 
its head left to right, the piece finally tears free and send the tiny ball of 
fluff tumbling.

Sverrir laughs aloud, almost in spite of herself. Rising to her feet in a fluid
motion, she makes an attempt to right the wolf pup, chuckling a bit as she does
so and making no attempt to near its prized scrap of meat.

A wolf pup whimpers like a wounded puppy.

Sarciossis arrives from the out.

Sarciossis leans comfortably against Sverrir.

Sverrir frowns slightly, kneeling down to pet a wolf pup in a consoling manner 
as it yelps.


A silver sheen on the back of this wolf pup symbolizes the status as offspring 
of a fearsome Ithaquan direwolf. Small and young, this pup has barely begun to 
grow teeth large enough to tear into a meal of fresh meat. It has a shaggy, 
furry tail, wet black nose and wide, dark eyes that convey its stage of youth.

Sarciossis says to Nils, a weary old wolf, "Training a pup now?"

Sarciossis pets Nils, a weary old wolf ingratiatingly.

Squirming at being righted, a wolf pup hastily scarfs down its scrap of meat 
before eyeing Sarciossis with mistrust. Releasing a second muffled, squeak-ish 
growl, the pup scrambles to stand behind Sverrir to outright bark at Sarciossis
a first, then second time.

Sverrir looks shifty and says to Sarciossis, "If you tell the Sivan I fed it, 
I'll knife you in your sleep."

Sverrir whispers something to a wolf pup.
(Sverrir whispers: "Good boy."

Sverrir pets a wolf pup ingratiatingly.

The terrifying form of Ozreas, Aspect of Sukhder enters from the out.

Ozreas buys some Gyanis Snowdusters.
 
Sarciossis says to a wolf pup, "You'll be fine. I'm nice to pets, except my 
mammoth. I cooked it up."

Ozreas takes a large gulp of whiskey.

Sarciossis drops an undersized grey rat.

Sarciossis says to a wolf pup, "There's a treat for ya."

Ozreas al-Hamasa says, "Also, did that dog just give me a dirty look?"

Sarciossis says, "I think so."

Sarciossis says to a wolf pup, "Complete with a side-dish: cheese."

Sarciossis pokes at an undersized grey rat.

An undersized grey rat squeaks loudly as if in pain and emits a steaming pile 
of matter onto the foot of Sarciossis.


Sarciossis creases his brow in a frown.

Ozreas wrinkles his nose disfavourably.
 

Sverrir squints suspiciously at her surroundings.

Abruptly distracted from its fierce protection of Sverrir, a wolf pup scrambles
over in acute interest of an undersized grey rat, clumsy paws carrying the pup 
near enough to warily eye the rat.

Sverrir grins mischievously.

A wolf pup gives an undersized grey rat the once-over, eyeing it suspiciously.

Muttering to himself grimly, a Lycaean village elder wanders in from the out.


A wolf pup pounces on an undersized grey rat, sending an undersized grey rat 
rolling head over heels with him.

Sarciossis says to a wolf pup, "You can have 'im if you want 'im."

Sarciossis says to a wolf pup, "He was stinking up my pack."

Ozreas al-Hamasa frowns and says, "Clearly."

Sarciossis sniffs a rugged pack strung with fur tails, trying to decipher just 
what that smell emanating from it is.

Sverrir looks shifty and says to Sarciossis, "Should have gotten a mouse, 
instead."

Sverrir points a miniature black mouse at Sarciossis.

Sarciossis says to Sverrir, "It wasn't my choice, sadly."

Glancing up from the tangled lump of rat and pup alike, a wolf pup eyes 
Sarciossis warily before releasing a tiny, undecided 'woof' before picking the 
rat up and bringing it haphazardly to Sverrir. Dropping down before her, he 
sinks into a relaxed sort of sprawl at her feet, releasing the rat in order to 
nudge it about with his nose.

Sarciossis says, "I asked for a beetle, but they didn't want it."

Sverrir settles into a crouch to watch the wolf at play, adopting an expression
that borders on critical, as if sizing up the creature's future hunting 
potential. She reaches out to scratch it behind the ears now and then in 
encouragement.

Ozreas al-Hamasa says, "Oh, I have an idea."
 
Sverrir looks shifty and says to Ozreas, "Mm?"

Ozreas buys a rack of hearty ogre ribs.

Carefully selecting tiny bits of meat from a rack of hearty ogre ribs, Ozreas 
hides them in various places upon a garish doll of Cadeyrn.

Ozreas gives a garish doll of Cadeyrn to Sverrir.

Ozreas al-Hamasa smiles impishly and says to Sverrir, "Let it play with that."

Sverrir grins mischievously at Ozreas.

Ozreas al-Hamasa says to Sverrir, "Which can in no way turn into anything 
sinister or harmful to the person effigied herein."

Ozreas shakes his head.

Reaching in with a deft motion, Sverrir rescues the rat from the wolf pup's 
grasp, replacing it with the rather meat-stuffed doll of Caderyn.

Sverrir picks up an undersized grey rat.

Sverrir drops a garish doll of Cadeyrn.

A wolf pup whines pitifully.

A wolf pup blinks.

Sverrir says to Ozreas, "Of course not."

Sverrir grins mischievously.

A wolf pup sniffs at a garish doll of Cadeyrn, taking in its scent.


Revealing a set of menacingly pointed teeth, Ozreas gives an impossibly wide, 
almost maniacal grin.

Sverrir urges a wolf pup onwards.

Gingerly investigating the doll, a wolf pup edges around it uncertainly for a 
long moment before freezing, nose pressed hard against the plush in deep 
concentration. His entire tiny frame almost trembling with the focus, the very 
tip of his scruffy tail begins wagging back and forth as he abruptly flops down
on the toy, rolling atop the creation and seeming to bask in the scent.

Sverrir looks shifty and says, "Hmm."

Sverrir looks shifty and says to Ozreas, "Plan B?"

Ozreas al-Hamasa angrily says to Sverrir, "Initiate "plan B"."

Ozreas al-Hamasa looks confused and says to Sverrir, "What's plan B?"

A wolf pup gnaws intently on a garish doll of Cadeyrn.


Sverrir tugs on one of the limbs of the Cadeyrn doll lightly as the wolf pup 
chews on it, letting the doll's arm go slack before pulling a little bit again.
She looks at the pup expectantly.

Briefly affronted at Sverrir's attempt to procure his new toy, a wolf pup 
issues a conflicted rumble of something between a tiny growl and a wounded 
whine before slowly catching on to the game. Pulling back, the pup's 
uncoordinated paws scramble on the floor for proper purchase as he tugs at the 
doll.
 

Sverrir grins widely, waiting for the pup to pull on the doll a bit before she 
allows him to have it.

Sverrir whispers something to a wolf pup.
( Sverrir whispers: "Good wolf.")

Sverrir taps her nose knowingly.

Ozreas nods his head.

Ozreas, Aspect of Sukhder leaves to the out, a feeling of horror leaving with 
him.

The terrifying form of Ozreas, Aspect of Sukhder enters from the out.

A wolf pup leans comfortably against Sverrir.

A wolf pup gnaws intently on a garish doll of Cadeyrn.

Sverrir grins mischievously.

Sverrir says to a wolf pup, "That's what we do to magickers."

Sverrir taps her nose knowingly.

Alesud raises an eyebrow questioningly.

Sverrir whispers something to a wolf pup.
(Sverrir whispers: "Remember. Shhh.")

Continuing to braid, Alesud expands the area of the net.

Ozreas al-Hamasa asks, "What're you going to do wilh that rope?"

Sivan Alesud al-Hamasa asks Sverrir, "Do I even want to know?"

Sivan Alesud al-Hamasa says to Ozreas, "Tying you to a tree."

Tying weights to the ends, Alesud admires her work with an appraising glance.

Alesud frowns in concentration and begins to twist and braid the rope.

Ozreas al-Hamasa sadly says, "Ah, this again."

Sverrir looks shifty and says to Alesud, "No. I didn't do anything."

Ozreas al-Hamasa very sadly says, "I hate playing Bait the Bear."

Granting a lazy thump of his tail, a wolf pup continues leisurely mauling a 
garish doll of Cadeyrn.

Sverrir looks shifty and says, "We're teaching him what to do to magickers."

A wolf pup pounces on a garish doll of Cadeyrn, sending a garish doll of 
Cadeyrn rolling head over heels with him.

Sverrir hums quietly to herself.

The corners of Alesud's lips tug upwards into a wry smirk as she eyes the wolf 
pup and the rag doll. "I suppose I can count on you the next time those 
incompetent fools attempt to raid, hmm?" she asks the wolf.

Grabbing the doll resolutely within his mouth, a wolf pup retreats to sit 
heavily on his haunches near Sverrir, eyeing Alesud steadily. However, his tail
still thumps pleasantly when she speaks to him.

Ozreas al-Hamasa says to Alesud, "Were we able to find our armoured hedgehog, 
we'd have the beginings of an army."

Sivan Alesud al-Hamasa says to Ozreas, "I might be able to find you a hedgehog 
if you'd like one."

Sivan Alesud al-Hamasa looks skeptical and says, "Not armoured."

Eyeing his surroundings warily a moment longer, a wolf pup idly takes to 
chewing on the toy in his mouth before abruptly trotting off with the creation.

Falling over its tiny paws, a wolf pup tumbles out to the out.
