+++
aliases = ["/logs/613"]
category = "Humour"
game = "Imperian"
points = -2
title = "Only in Kinsarmar"
votes = 8
+++

 Lunaga says, "Do one of you know where I can find a rope to lasso things?"

You say, "Yes."

Lunaga says, "Which shop?"

You say, "But I can not reveal this information."

You say, "For you see, the sacred rope of lassoing is hidden."

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to Lunaga, "It is a legacy."

Lunaga shakes his head.

You say, "You must prove yourself worthy of it."

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to Lunaga, "A myth passed on
for centuries."

Lunaga giggles happily.

You say, "You doubt the proficies?"

You snort arrogantly.

 Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to Lunaga, "You dare to laugh
in the face of the Elders?"

Cordilia tells you, "PROPHECIES*."

You tell Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director, "Stfu grammar fgt."

Cordilia tells you, "<3."

You tell Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director, "<3."

Lunaga giggles happily.

Lunaga says, "Me? no, never!"

l lunaga

He is a willowy lamira. He is wearing a drab olive green tunic, and a pair of
plain grey trousers.

You say to Lunaga, "You are a man, if you giggle again I'll impale you."

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to Lunaga, "You must prove
yourself worthy of the great rope of lassoing, child."

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to Lunaga, "It is not
something to be taken lightly."

You nod slowly.

Lunaga says, "How may I do that?"

Cordilia tells you, "You have to log this."

You say, "You must..."

Cordilia tells you, "We have to make him do some stupid shit."

You say, "Slay the Kraken!"

Cordilia tells you, "Rofl."

Cordilia tells you, "Rofl."

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to Lunaga, "You are not strong
enough yet, youngling."

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to Lunaga, "We will teach
you."

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to Lunaga, "Shall we begin
your training?"

Lunaga says, "Sure."

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to Lunaga, "The first steps
are quite simple."

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to Lunaga, "Put your right
foot in."

Lunaga puts his right foot in.

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says, "Put your right foot out."

Lunaga puts his right foot out.

 Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to Borin, "I am teaching the
youngling how to slay the Kraken and obtain the great rope of lassoing."

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to Lunaga, "Now, put your
right foot in."

Lunaga puts his right foot in.

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to Lunaga, "Shake it about."

Lunaga shakes it all about.

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to Lunaga, "Wave your arms."

Lunaga waves his arms.

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to Lunaga, "Turn yourself
around."

Lunaga turns around.

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says, "That, dear child, is what
it's all about."

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says, "The next phase of training
is quite simple as well."

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says, "(name changed for protection)?"

 You say, "You must now recite the phrase of lassoing."

You say, "These words are so sacred, their very existance is hidden to
humanity!"

 Lunaga says, "Oh lasso lasso lasso, I made you out of hemp, lasso lasso lasso,
with lasso i shall play... wait, wrong phrase?"

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director screams, "SILENCE!"

You slap Lunaga on the cheek.

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to Lunaga, "Do not interrupt
the Elder while he is teaching."

You say to Lunaga, "YOU DARE DISRESPECT THE LASSO!"

Lunaga says, "Never!"<216/223h 238/238m 1018e 1091w 72x <ebpp> <t>> slownod
You nod slowly.

You say to Lunaga, "Now, repeat after me."

You say to Lunaga, "Oh, Lasso of untold power, may you descend upon me so I may
capture thy beast, may your essence fuel my taming, and may your sacred being
fuel my lassoing."

You exclaim, "Repeat, or hold thy tongue!"

Lunaga says, "Oh, Lasso of untold power, may you descend upon me so I may
capture the beast, may your essense fuel my taming, and mar your sacred being
fuel my lassoing."


You rub your hands together greedily and mutter, "Eeexxcellent..."

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says, "Now we come on to the third
phase of training!"

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to Lunaga, "You must learn the
art of lassoing."

"Mhmm," you murmur, nodding slow and deliberately.

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to you, "It is time."

You sigh contentedly.

You say, "I thought we'd never see another Lassoer again."

Tears fill your eyes and begin to slowly run down your face.

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to Lunaga, "Lassoers are a
dying breed. This is a special moment."

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to Lunaga, "You must learn the
art of lassoing."

"Mhmm," you murmur, nodding slow an

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director screams, "LET US SHED THE TEARS OF
THE ALMIGHTY LASSOING ROPE!"

As horrible thoughts fill your mind, you begin to sob uncontrollably.

A single tear rolls down Cordilia's cheek.

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to Lunaga, "YOU DARE NOT TO
SHED A SINGLE TEAR?"

Tears fill Lunaga's eyes and begin to slowly run down his face.

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to Lunaga, "That is not
enough."

Cordilia slaps Lunaga on the cheek.

Lunaga breaks down and sobs uncontrollably.

Cordilia looks at you and begins bawling miserably, covering her tear-streaked
face with her hands.

You say, "Your tears feed the Lasso!"

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says, "May the Lassoers rise to
power once again!"

You let loose a righteous "Huzzah!"

Cordilia marches about with great self-importance.

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to Lunaga, "Prove yourself
worthy, and I shall fetch you the great rope of Lassoing."

You look skeptical and say, "I was kidding about the Kraken thing."

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to Lunaga, "Prove!"

You look at Lunaga hopefully.

Lunaga Dances a the jig of the Sacred Lasso.

Opening your mouth wide, you gape in wonder.

You say, "He is the One!"

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to Lunaga, "WHERE DID YOU
LEARN THE GREAT JIG OF THE SACRED LASSO?"

Lunaga says, "It came to me in a revalation from the god of the lasso."

Cordilia sputters in speechless surprise.

You kneel before Lunaga, swearing your allegiance to him.

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says, "All hail the great Lunaga,
messenger of the God of the Lasso!"

You say, "It is an honour to be in your presence."

Cordilia gets down and kowtows before Lunaga in an expression of utmost
respect.

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to Lunaga, "Well, Sir, I shall
fetch you the Great Rope of Lassoing."

-Cordilia leaves and gets a rope-

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to Lunaga, "Cherish it."

Lunaga takes up a length of rope in his left hand.

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to Lunaga, "For it is the one
and only Rope of Lassoing."

You say to Lunaga, "In your hand is real ultimate power."

You say to Lunaga, "Rope and bind wisely, child."

Cordilia nods slowly.

Lunaga says, "Well I'm off, to use its great power."

Designer Cordilia Aar'daen, Circle Director says to Lunaga, "May the power of
the God of Lassoing compel you."

Lunaga bows respectfully to Cordilia.