+++
aliases = ["/logs/841"]
category = "Humour"
game = "Imperian"
points = 3
title = "Imperian Rap"
votes = 5
+++

A stunning songbird begins to lay down a funky beat.

Iluv bobs up and down.

Mr. Iluv Devilen, the Mountain Man says, "Yo a shout out to all my
Xiur."

Mr. Iluv Devilen, the Mountain Man says, "Screw Kinsarmar."

Iluv flips the bird.

Mr. Iluv Devilen, the Mountain Man says, "Ayo, my rhymes are so tight
and my flow is all right. I'm Iluv Devilen, here to show you the light.
Sucker combatants try to diss me, they try to beat me. I show 'em up
like it ain't no thing, see."

Mr. Iluv Devilen, the Mountain Man says, "I take on suckers like every
single day. Always high because I smoke cactus weed every other day.
Always rebounding because I smoke linseed every single day."

Mr. Iluv Devilen, the Mountain Man says, "Yo, if you catch me in the
fray, you better start to pray. Hope that I don't target you, sing you,
kill you and forget you."

Mr. Iluv Devilen, the Mountain Man says, "Yo, if you catch me in the
fray, you better start to pray. Hope that I don't target you, sing you,
kill you and forget you."

Mr. Iluv Devilen, the Mountain Man says, "My greatness is in plain view,
nothing that you can do, I leave you mad! Stewing in your own temper
tantrum, screaming.."

Pareze says, "Oh my Divine!? What just happened!?"

A stunning songbird surprisingly begins to make bizzare sounds as if a
music box was being rewound and fast forwarded in quick succession.

Mr. Iluv Devilen, the Mountain Man says, "If you want to battle, you can
meet me at the Spring. I'll kill you single handedly while you bring a
team."

Mr. Iluv Devilen, the Mountain Man says, "I'll sing you revelation,
bedazzle and dissonance. Kill you, decapitate and pike your head and
leave it as evidence."

Mr. Iluv Devilen, the Mountain Man says, "I'll sing you Kantae and show
you eternal bliss, before I turn you into stone and send you back to
Dis."

Mr. Iluv Devilen, the Mountain Man says, "Ayo and that's a wrap."

Mr. Iluv Devilen, the Mountain Man crosses and folds his arms together
while leaning back and pouting his lips.

Desari congratulates Iluv with some wild clapping.

With a flourish of his arm, Iluv bows deeply.

You say, "Well that was interesting."