+++
aliases = ["/logs/1699"]
category = "Roleplay"
game = "Imperian"
points = 0
title = "Meeting In Caanae (Hammer of the Gods)"
votes = 0
+++

As witnessed by Lady Caelya Kaeul, Magister of Lore.

Galt Amherst says, "No fighting here."

Alternating between skipping and hopping, Majestic Architect, Tomas, enters 
from the west.

Majestic Architect, Tomas says, "Greetings."

Majestic Architect, Tomas says, "Cheese anyone?"

Galt Amherst says, "No thank you, Tomas."

Judge of the Wicked, Sir Dias Tethe'alla says, "I will have to decline, Tomas."

Cerise, the Guild Matron's mouth turns up as her face breaks into a smile. 

Majestic Architect, Tomas exclaims, "2 I want cheese!"

Sir Mael Vin'Zyan says to Majestic Architect, Tomas, "Why not?"

Majestic Architect, Tomas says, "Whoops, I mean I want chesse."

Galt Amherst says, "Might I have time to run cure myself?"

Cerise, the Guild Matron looks about herself, rubbing her chin thoughtfully.

Yanosyno enters from the east, tucking his thumbs into the iron chain belt he 
wears as he surveys his surroundings.

You see Mathardan, the Loresage shout, "A peaceful meeting discussing the 
temple in the Shaahri desert will commence shortly in the Caanae library."

Galt Amherst says, "I'd rather brave Khandava than Al'drym, honestly. I'll be 
but a moment."

Cerise, the Guild Matron says, "What a wonderful thing to see all of you here."

Cerise, the Guild Matron's mouth turns up as her face breaks into a smile.

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Indeed."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "If we can keep the fighting at a minimum."

Cerise, the Guild Matron smiles and says, "I've seen all of you in some form or
another in my time."

Sir Kurayami Lorianis says, "Plenty of people here..."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "We shall wait a moment for Galt."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "As this is his meeting."

Sir Katarsh Sa'Gael, Guardian of the Rose says, "Speak of the Galt."

Galt Amherst says, "I've two wraithwood branches. One spare."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Greetings Galt."

Galt Amherst says, "And I have to run bathe, unless someone has soap?"

Galt Amherst says, "Might I be cured of the curse, before we progress?"

Alitis Valstivar says, "I don't think soap will help..." 

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "As you are the one who instigated this meeting, can you start it?"

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Yes, go ahead."

You say to Galt, "Give the other to Arianna?"

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Mathardan, the Loresage,
"I think what'd we all like to know is- What is the Hammer?"

You say to Gurn, "Galt will start the meeting. I wouldn't rush it."

Majestic Architect, Tomas says, "I pity the man who strips Galt of his say."

A grizzled mountain priest says, "Alright, Galt. Here we go. Stand still for 
just a second."

A grizzled mountain priest says, "This may hurt..."

A grizzled mountain priest whips out an enormous knife and hacks away at the 
end of the branch, giving it a vicious looking tip.

A grizzled mountain priest places his enormous knife back in its sheath and 
eyes Galt speculatively. Without warning, he suddenly stabs forward with the 
branch, running him through and driving him to the ground, impaled by the 
twisted branch.

The branch impaling Galt slowly fades away to nothing, leaving nothing but a 
gaping hole in his body which slowly knits as you watch in amazement. As the 
wound closes, Galt's wavering form solidifies and becomes firmly rooted in the 
physical plane once more.

Cerise, the Guild Matron winces in pain.

Galt Amherst says, "That hurts, each time."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Anyone else before we begin?"

Galt Amherst says, "But it feels right to be anchored."

Cerise, the Guild Matron says, "That looks particularly painful."

You say, "Arianna." 

Sir Katarsh Sa'Gael, Guardian of the Rose says to Arianna, "GIVE BRANCH TO 
PRIEST."

Lady Inquisitor Mclaren Murne, Sidereal Guide says to Cerise, the Guild Matron,
"It is."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Quickly."

(At this point, Arianna endures the cure by Yanosyno, just as Galt did.) 

Galt Amherst says, "Right."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Alright then Galt, begin."

Galt Amherst says, "I asked Mathardan to call this meeting."

Galt Amherst says, "I did so because of the arguments, conflicts and debates 
regarding this temple in Shaahri."

Galt Amherst says, "There are those who wish the dig ceased, and the weapon 
buried forever."

Galt Amherst says, "And there are some who wish to claim it, and misuse it." 

Galt creases his brow in a frown.

Cerise, the Guild Matron creases her brow in a frown.

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Indeed, that is what I have heard."

Majestic Architect, Tomas says, "An interesting insinuation, Galt. What of 
those who wish to claim it for the eradication of the Horde? I don't find that 
to be misuse."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "So, what is the purpose of this meeting?"

Alitis Valstivar says, "It's a weapon of mass destruction."

Galt Amherst says to Majestic Architect, Tomas, "Others want to claim it to 
other purposes."

Alitis Valstivar says, "You use it, a civilization is wiped out, period." 

Alitis Valstivar says, "Or so I've heard."

Storm Oracle, Sumie Shaolar says, "If there is even a weapon.."

Mathardan, the Loresage frowns slightly as he finds a book out of place, and 
pops it back in.

Gurn crosses his arm with a harsh, barked laugh. "Really, because when one's in
posession of a powerful weapon, you'll stop using it."

Sir Katarsh Sa'Gael, Guardian of the Rose says, "There are others who are 
unsure of the existence of such a weapon."

Galt Amherst says, "The purpose of this meeting is to discuss what to do. I 
believe we should dig, and the weapon should be entrusted to the scholars of 
the continent."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Indeed."

Judge of the Wicked, Sir Dias Tethe'alla says, "Against my better judgement, I 
agree with Galt in the approach on the Hammer."

Alitis Valstivar asks, "Yes, because a man of books is immune to the flaws that 
plague other mortals?"

Galt Amherst says, "I do not suggest we dig blindly. I believe we should be 
cautious, and act with unity."

Gurn gives Alitis an acknowledging nod.

Cerise, the Guild Matron creases her brow in a frown.

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Very well."

Alitis Valstivar says, "If this weapon is worth the meeting..."

Galt Amherst says to Alitis, "They stand to gain nothing by destroying any of 
us, and they're the most aware of the threat the horde presents."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Galt, "That's new. All 
I've heard from you thus far is a blind fervor to dig for a weapon so you can 
feel powerful."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "As I somewhat acting as a mediator."

Alitis Valstivar says to Galt, "The horde is less a 'threat' and more 'mild 
inconvenience'" 

"Heh heh heh," Gurn chuckles.

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Does anyone counter this opinion?"

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Alitis, "He can't sleep 
at night because he's so scared of the Horde, I hear."

Lady Shaylei Eldunari, The Keeper of Time says, "I will say this, there are 
those that wish to take it for themselves, how are we going to stop them from 
doing so?"

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Galt's choice of action."

You say to Gurn, "Could we cut down on the banter and leave the talking to 
people with legitimate claims?"

Alitis Valstivar asks, "Have we failed to repulse a single invasion? How much 
time have we truly spent rebuilding from the invasions?"

Warlord Juganothion Gazali says, "Define scholar."

Juganothion smiles wryly, a look of amusement passing over his features.

Galt Amherst says, "The horde have steadily encroached on our lands for 
centuries, erecting forts and waging war on us. They need to be dealt with."

Alitis Valstivar says to Galt, "Ants bite in the desert."

Alitis Valstivar says to Galt, "Only rarely do I take the time to kill them."

Storm Oracle, Sumie Shaolar says, "Is there truly a weapon there, or some 
ancient force? Tomas has no clue with the effects of the wraith I'm not sure I 
want us digging to find out."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "I have investigated some of this a bit more."
Lady Shaylei Eldunari, The Keeper of Time says, "I am all for removing the 
horde, but if it is used to lets say destroy a city... I do feel comfortable in
that at all."

Sir Victor Farrell, Guardian of Light says, "This should be interesting."
Paladin Grantz Ashtear, Wyvern Rider says, "What if the horde attack to lay 
claim to this "weapon"."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "The undead presence that is."

Galt Amherst says, "Yes, there's the matter of Thakdukk and the other undead."
Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "I'm not here to crash your 
party."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "So don't freak out."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "I think we all know the story of the Horde that 
destroyed this fair city."

Alitis Valstivar says, "Centuries ago." 

Alitis Valstivar says, "Because Caanae was weak."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "And then marched to Stavenn and disappeared."

Alitis Valstivar says, "Again - how much time have ANY of us spent rebuilding 
from the invasions?"

Alitis Valstivar says, "I'll tell you - zero."

Victor chuckles long and heartily at Alitis.

Alitis Valstivar says, "Zero time rebuilding from invasions. The horde has not 
been more than a mild incovenience for centuries."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Although it is slightly off course, I believe 
this to be that undead force, somehow lost in the desert."

Menoch nods his head.

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "Was this weapon produced 
during the War of Avarice in the end of the First Age?"

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Well, how many lives are lost to the horde on a 
daily basis?"

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "Not many."

Galt Amherst says to Alitis, "You forget the Triad War, amongst other things."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "Only the weak."

Alitis Valstivar says, "Few, no lives of consequence."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Cities and defenses can always be rebuilt."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "The point is." 

Alitis Valstivar says, "Though, a life is only counted as lost when it doesn't 
return."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "Genocide is evil."

Storm Oracle, Sumie Shaolar says, "So the horde got lost in the desert, and 
somehow turned to undead?"

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "The lives of those in Caanae were lost forever."

Alitis Valstivar says to Mathardan, the Loresage, "Centuries ago."

Alitis Valstivar says, "I think the history of the third age has proven that 
we've mastered the horde."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Yes, I have been studying some of the weapons 
from the undead that have come from there."

Galt Amherst says, "Centuries is not such a long time, when some of us are well
in to our second."

Cerise, the Guild Matron's eyes sparkle with amusement.

Alitis Valstivar says, "Galt, you're older than I am." 

Sir Katarsh Sa'Gael, Guardian of the Rose says, "Galt's in his third."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "They are identical to ones that were left here 
when Caanae fell."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "No, actually he isn't."

Alitis Valstivar says, "Again - Caanae is weak."

Sir Katarsh Sa'Gael, Guardian of the Rose says, "Actually, he is."

Galt Amherst says to Alitis, "What we've faced, what we've dealt with, is 
nothing but fringes of the horde."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "As tomas stated though, that temple was no 
longer in use when that happened."

Lady Shaylei Eldunari, The Keeper of Time says to Alitis, "So the horde has not
attacked Stavenn at all? I am sure I heard their battle horn not a year or so 
ago waging war on your Empire."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Mathardan, the Loresage,
"But what was the Temple originally built for?"

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "So how the horde ended up in the temple is a 
mystery."

Alitis Valstivar asks Galt, "What evidence do you have of this?"

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Or even why they went into the desert in the 
first place."

Storm Oracle, Sumie Shaolar says, "That's the mystery? Not why they are undead,
or why people are turning into undead?"

Alitis Valstivar says, "Look, there is a reason why I bring up the horde being 
so damn weak and pointless -."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "Waging war against an entire
species is close minded and wrong. If you've yet to meet every orc, you cannot 
rightfully condemn their entire race."

Alitis Valstivar says, "Because, given how unthreatening the horde is, given 
that everybody here knows how unthreatening the horde is..."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "I am not here to decide that."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "That is for you to decide." 

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "When a Stavennite speaks 
out against genocide, and Kinsarmar is for it, you know something's wrong."

Alitis Valstivar says, "...then the ONLY possible use somebody with any sense 
could possibly have for a weapon of mass destruction is to use it against their
true enemies."

Alitis Valstivar says, "The ones that actually do do damage - the ones capable 
of wrecking totems, destroying equipment, occupying cities."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "And with posession of a 
weapon of such power, what will prevent them from threatening the entire 
World?"

Sir Bathan Zran, the Tsunami says to Alitis, "I've enjoyed your opinions on 
mortal nature, and now it's time to be quiet and listen to other people."

Sir Bathan Zran, the Tsunami says to Alitis, "And that is an order."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "What happens is the horde finds the hammer?"

Alitis Valstivar says to Bathan, "Thankfully, you're not in my guild."

Galt Amherst says, "Could not the presence of undead horde within the temple 
suggest they were trying to reach the weapon, and the temple caved in?"

Warlord Juganothion Gazali says, "One man's weapon is another man's tool." 

You say, "I'd just like to make something clear, if I may."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Perhaps. however that was thousands of years 
ago. We may never know."

Juganothion gives Mathardan, the Loresage a wry smile, his eyes lighting up 
deviously.

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "Right, so the obvious 
thing to do it dig and give them a clear path to make a grab at the weapon."

Storm Oracle, Sumie Shaolar says to Galt, "Or that the "weapon" turned them 
into undead."

Warlord Juganothion Gazali says, "What indeed."

Judge of the Wicked, Sir Dias Tethe'alla says, "According to Alitis they are 
not powerful, and we could kill them on the whim if they attempted such a 
thing."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Does anyone know if the Horde knows of this 
weapon?"

Menoch shrugs helplessly.

Sir Bathan Zran, the Tsunami says, "There's been an Orc Lich wandering the 
Temple."

Alitis Valstivar says, "If they do, all the more reason it should stay buried."

Sir Bathan Zran, the Tsunami says, "I would imagine that could mean they do."

Lady Shaylei Eldunari, The Keeper of Time says to Mathardan, the Loresage, "If 
they are at the temple I would say its safe to say yes."

You say, "The Horde, as we know it? It is a small fraction of a fraction of the
true force of the orcs and their kin. Their majority lay in the east, in lands 
hardly explored by us. To underestimate that based on the small number we've 
seen in the past would be wholly foolish."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem asks, "Has anyone bothered to ask 
before saying, 'OH ORCS ARE BAD PEOPLE, KILL THEM ALL'?"

Judge of the Wicked, Sir Dias Tethe'alla says, "Do you know any nice orcs, 
Menoch?"

Sir Mael Vin'Zyan says, "I've never met an orc that didn't want me dead."

Alitis Valstivar says to Menoch, "Not really no... sorry, but I disagree with 
you. Show me one civilized orc and I might change my mind."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says to Bathan, "We were built from
avoiding vengeant, zealous acts of genocide."

Galt Amherst says to Menoch, "My view is that the horde as an entity is bad, 
and needs to be shattered. That doesn't mean all orcs are evil, but the bulk of
them are." 

Alitis Valstivar says, "Whether genocide is evil or not is ultimately 
irrelevant."

Lady Mena Farrell says, "I had hoped to come here to find more information 
about the item, no to discuss if I should give a hug and a cake to the next orc
I find."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem asks, "Ah, so then, the ends 
justify the means, regardless of possible innocent lives lost?"

Alitis Valstivar says, "What IS relevant is what would happen if this weapon is
unearthed."

Sir Bathan Zran, the Tsunami says to Mathardan, the Loresage, "To answer your 
question. I suspect they are aware of the weapon's existence. At worst, they do
know of the Temple."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "You suspect." 

Alitis Valstivar says, "I know EXACTLY what I would do if I held this weapon in
my hands."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "And do not know." 

Storm Oracle, Sumie Shaolar says to Alitis, "If its even a weapon that could be
controlled."

Alitis Valstivar says, "And for that reason, it's a good idea for it to remain 
buried."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Mathardan, the Loresage,
"So, have you anything on what the Hammer could actually be?"

Galt Amherst says, "Well, we've had Thakdukk yelling abuse at us in orcish."

Sir Bathan Zran, the Tsunami says to Menoch, "An orc was wandering the Temple."

Alitis Valstivar says to Sumie, "The fact it can be controlled makes it worse."

Galt Amherst says, "So it's safe to assume they know of it."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Mathardan, the Loresage,
"Or if it can be controlled, at all?" 

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Was he one of the temples undead, or from 
outside the temple?"

Alitis Valstivar says, "Well, if it can be."

Galt Amherst says, "Both times I saw him he wandered in to where we were."

Bathan nods his head at Galt, showing his acceptance.

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Interesting." 

Menoch nods his head.

Galt Amherst says, "Rather than being excavated like the rest, though, he could
have unearthed himself closer to the entrance."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "What if the orcs burrow to the weapon?"

Galt Amherst says, "The second time he stormed in, and he was far angrier."

Galt Amherst says, "Orcs dig tunnels, we know that much."

Judge of the Wicked, Sir Dias Tethe'alla says, "My concern is Stavenn and 
Celidon wanting to burrow to it with some root so that Lionas hold sit within 
his power."

Sir Bathan Zran, the Tsunami says, "I suppose the Alliance of Celidon, Khandava
and Stavenn will just rally to meet them, close friends that we are."

Judge of the Wicked, Sir Dias Tethe'alla says, "Holds it, even."

Alitis Valstivar says, "Actually, Lionas has been leading the charge trying to 
stop the weapon from being unearthed."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "As has Celidon."

Galt Amherst says, "That's a lie, he's been claiming he has a way to get at it 
if he can stop the dig."

Judge of the Wicked, Sir Dias Tethe'alla says, "He is claiming he can unearth 
it with the tunnels collapsed. That doesn't sound like he doesn't want it 
unearthed."

Alitis shrugs helplessly.

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "So."

Cerise, the Guild Matron shifts position, watching the goings-on patiently.

Lady Inquisitor Mclaren Murne, Sidereal Guide says, "If we follow the logic of 
those who say the horde is not trouble, then why do you have walls and 
defenses. They attack us and we defend, it will continue so until one or the 
other is killed off. They seek to eliminate us. You seek only to defend? Many 
that seek to not dig are combatant who are usually on the attack, why is this 
the case you wish to be defensive? You say genocide, and what did they try with
us, what are they still trying? We go about our lives and defend our ideals and
our citizens, We defend when we must, we try to control the Horde population 
that are near our cities and townes. Why would you seek not to end this 
constant dance of the Horde growing stronger and seeking to end our way of 
life?"

Alitis Valstivar asks Mclaren, "Don't you ever take a breath?"

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "I see a couple of questions we need to address 
independent of each other."

Cerise, the Guild Matron squints suspiciously at Alitis.

Bathan gives Mathardan, the Loresage an acknowledging nod.

Lady Adelena Vaz'rias, Ward of the Icewyrms says to Cerise, the Guild Matron, 
"What is your take on this?"

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "One, is the question of genocide."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication smiles and says to Mclaren, "Why
Mclaren, we have walls and defences to defend against bloodthirsty genocidal 
maniacs like your fine city of thieves and rogues."

Storm Oracle, Sumie Shaolar says, "Actually we don't really have walls."

Storm Oracle, Sumie Shaolar says, "We have a cave."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "And if it should ever be commited."

Menoch tilts his head and listens intently.

Alitis Valstivar says, "No, there is only ONE question before us."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem asks, "Why don't we listen to the 
man we're here to listen to when he's trying to speak?"

Alitis Valstivar asks, "If this weapon is unearthed - can any of us trust 
anybody else with it?"

Menoch urges Mathardan, the Loresage onwards.

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "The second is if we should dig up the weapon or 
not."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "No. We can't."

Alarick Zhek'coh says, "You can trust me with it."

Gurn gives Alarick a wry smile, his eyes lighting up deviously.

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Alarick, "I'm sure."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says to Alitis, "Let Mathardan 
speak. And that is an order from someone in your guild."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "So lets forget about the use of the weapon for 
now."

Galt Amherst says, "I don't think we can leave it buried, as someone would find
a way to it eventually."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Is it safer to dig it up to protect it."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Or leave it in the ground?"

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Galt, "But you want to 
use it."

Storm Oracle, Sumie Shaolar says, "If it is a weapon that can be wielded or 
even exists."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "No, I propose that we 
find a way to seal it with magicks, or destroy the weapon."

Sir Bathan Zran, the Tsunami says, "I believe that, should it not be brought up
now, it will be found eventually."

Menoch nods his head.

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Correct, assuming it exists."

Storm Oracle, Sumie Shaolar says, "We have NO information on this."

Judge of the Wicked, Sir Dias Tethe'alla says, "Feed it to an Ibex."

Lady Mena Farrell says, "Wait, it may not exists at all?"

Storm Oracle, Sumie Shaolar says, "Yes."

Storm Oracle, Sumie Shaolar says, "Tomas knows nothing."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "It may indeed be dug up no matter what at some 
point."

Galt Amherst says to Mena, "Some posit that. Dunno why."

Majestic Architect, Tomas raises an eyebrow at Sumie.

Alitis Valstivar asks, "Maybe, but why do we have to be the ones to dig it up?"

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Mena, "There's no proof 
besides Tomas' word. He knows nothing about the temple beyond that it's there, 
and there may be something called a Hammer in it."

Sir Bathan Zran, the Tsunami says to Mena, "Imperator, you're listening to 
Sumie. Isn't she a courtesan or some such in Celidon? Take better advice, my 
lady."

Cap'n Zophael Ogradhad says, "If it exists, dig it up. If it's dangerous, 
destroy it." 

Storm Oracle, Sumie Shaolar says, "We saw your note book, it was empty."

Cerise, the Guild Matron clears her throat.

Cap'n Zophael Ogradhad says, "Problem solved. Time to go back to drinking."

Adelena grins mischievously at Zophael.

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem asks Majestic Architect, Tomas, "Do
you have any solid evidence or knowledge to whether or not it does in fact lie 
within the temple?"

Majestic Architect, Tomas says, "I see the Celidonian delegation has made its 
decision about me."

Cerise, the Guild Matron says, "Sumie, I have seen Tomas's notebook."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "I have also found writings indicating the 
existence of the God Hammer."

Sir Bathan Zran, the Tsunami says to Majestic Architect, Tomas, "They're not 
all bad. Risca's kind of nice."

Alitis Valstivar says, "It's OK, most of us don't listen to Celidon either."

Bathan grins mischievously at Majestic Architect, Tomas.

Cerise, the Guild Matron says, "It is hardly empty. Perhaps you cannot see past
the scribbles because he's a terrible writer." 

Galt Amherst says, "I'll be honest. I had doubts, but you've seen the effect of
that temple on people. There's -something- down there. And then you've got the 
undead horde trying to get at it, at some time in the past. Why would they have
all been in the temple, if not to get at something?"

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Indeed, Tomas has a horrible writing standard." 
Alarick Zhek'coh says, "So what, exactly, is this hammer supposed to do? Not 
just destroy, but how does it work?"

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "Yet, he wouldn't read it 
to us."

Warlord Juganothion Gazali says to Mathardan, the Loresage, "It is actually 
titled the God Hammer?"

Lady Mena Farrell says, "Maybe you need to be a bit high to be able to 
understand the scribbles."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "Hammers are also used to 
build." 

"Hmph!" Majestic Architect, Tomas snorts.

Judge of the Wicked, Sir Dias Tethe'alla says, "Maybe Tyther is sitting down 
there."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "There are several different names for it."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "He wouldn't tell us any 
information."

Mena gives Majestic Architect, Tomas a wry smile, her eyes lighting up 
deviously.

Cerise, the Guild Matron says to Gurn, "You do not know him as I do, clearly."

Sir Bathan Zran, the Tsunami asks Majestic Architect, Tomas, "Architect, could 
you indulge us? I realize we're being loud and obnoxious, but could you tell us
what you know of the hammer?"

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "The God Hammer, the Hammer of the Gods, etc."

Juganothion gives Mathardan, the Loresage an acknowledging nod.

Galt Amherst says to Gurn, "That's because you were aggressive and threatening 
from the get go. That makes people not want to tell you things."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication smiles and says to Galt, "We 
asked nicely at first. He didn't want to indulge us."

Warlord Juganothion Gazali says, "Ladies, ladies. You can get back to your 
chittering later."

Mercer Da'Saison Sunjackal says to Gurn, "So then you turn to violence and 
wanting to murder him."

Alitis Valstivar says, "This discussion is pointless."

Menoch gives Mercer an acknowledging nod.

Galt Amherst says, "Just, shush. So we know it's a "Hammer of the Gods"?"

Majestic Architect, Tomas says, "I have told you only as much as I am able 
without misleading you."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "The texts are very incomplete or ruined."

Galt Amherst says, "But we don't know if that means an actual, physical hammer,
or something different."

Sir Bathan Zran, the Tsunami asks, "That being that it's a hammer capable of 
destroying the horde?"

Majestic Architect, Tomas says, "I do not presume that it is a hunk of metal 
tied to a really big stick."

Alarick Zhek'coh asks, "What sort of inferences might you make, then?" 

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "There is a powerful weapon. What it is, or how 
it works, is unknown." 

Bathan gives Mathardan, the Loresage an acknowledging nod.

Sir Bathan Zran, the Tsunami says, "Then, our initial suspicions were correct."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem asks Majestic Architect, Tomas, 
"What other powers might it have? Do any ancient texts indicate it has a use 
other than destroying a species?"

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "And there we are, going 
in circles, with nothing but vague promises again."

Gurn shakes his head.

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem asks Mathardan, the Loresage, 
"Would you know if it has any other purpose?"

Lady Mena Farrell says, "Furthermore, it is only capable to destroying more 
than one species?"

Sir Bathan Zran, the Tsunami says to Gurn, "If you believe there's nothing 
there, then quit fretting, sit in your cave and move on."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Well, it may be that the only way to learn, is 
to dig."

Alarick Zhek'coh says to Gurn, "Nobody knows. Only one way to find out, right?"

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "However, sometimes, ignorance is bliss, as they 
say."

Galt tilts his head and listens intently to Cerise, the Guild Matron.

Majestic Architect, Tomas says, "I have explored for many years. An object's 
surroundings often tell more about its use than any old books."

Cerise, the Guild Matron says, "If I might interject..."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem asks Mathardan, the Loresage, "So 
that means no, you've no knowledge of it in ancient texts excepting the fact it
can be used for genocide?"

Majestic Architect, Tomas tilts his head and listens intently to Cerise, the 
Guild Matron.

Storm Oracle, Sumie Shaolar says, "And if this temple was sealed for a reason?"

Flower Princess, Adinal Shaolar, Aquamancer says, "How many have taken time to 
try and study the symbols and patterns along the walls?"

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Alarick, "The trouble 
is, if a weapon is this powerful, then there's no way of knowing how it works, 
how it's activated, or anything of the like. If all texts about it are 
destroyed, the only we may find out how it works is to test it... And with 
something like this, there will be disastrous consequences."

Menoch gives Gurn an acknowledging nod.

Alarick Zhek'coh says to Gurn, "So give it to me. I'll test it."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Let me see what Cerise has to say first. Then I 
will answer that question."

Cerise, the Guild Matron says, "Each of you I have seen come and go, grow older
and even lead your own guilds."

You flash Cerise, the Guild Matron a joyous smile.

Cerise, the Guild Matron says, "Every young one I see, I see in them a part of 
what each of you had. Freshness. Hope. Optimism for a greater life than what 
they'd experience." 

Cerise, the Guild Matron says, "Experienced, even."

Cerise, the Guild Matron coughs softly.

Cerise, the Guild Matron says, "We have some here who say indeed that the Horde
is just a "mild inconvenience"."

Cerise, the Guild Matron says, "But tell that to a young one who travels these 
roads and is waylaid."

Mael nods his head in agreement.

Alitis Valstivar says, "I tell them to suck it up."

Alitis Valstivar says, "And they'll die hundreds of times."

"Heh heh heh," Alarick chuckles.

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "If not thousands."

Cerise, the Guild Matron says, "But how is it that you expect them to avoid 
being killed?"

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "The weak are vanquished and 
give up. The strong never say die."

Cerise, the Guild Matron says, "They must arm themselves. They must defend 
themselves."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says to Cerise, the Guild Matron, 
"Learn from each death. Grow. Become stronger."

Alitis Valstivar says, "The horde is rarely the threat that waylays the young 
on the road. Usually it's some prick looking to prove they're tough."

Alitis Valstivar says, "I know - I used to be such a prick."

Alarick Zhek'coh says, "They feast upon those they defeat, and in doing so take
what strength they had."

Squire Abbie Savet-Kaeul, Ward of Caelya says to Alitis, "Used to be?"

Alitis Valstivar says, "Death is irrelevant."

You say, "And what if the Gods deigned to remove our Spring? What then?"

Cerise, the Guild Matron's eyes sparkle with amusement.

Storm Oracle, Sumie Shaolar says to Cerise, the Guild Matron, "And what happens
if said weapon is not something we expect, and unleashes perhaps a more 
dangerous force upon the realm?"

Cerise, the Guild Matron says, "Oh, you children."

Alarick Zhek'coh says to you, "Then you climb out of Dis like those who die 
alone." 

Sir Bathan Zran, the Tsunami says to Cerise, the Guild Matron, "Please, 
continue. Ignore them. The rest of us are."

Warlord Juganothion Gazali says, "I suggest leaving Dis out of this 
discussion."

Cerise, the Guild Matron gives Juganothion a wry smile, her eyes lighting up 
deviously.

Mathardan, the Loresage chuckles long and heartily.

Alitis Valstivar says, "When you've died as much as I have - you realize that 
it is at worst a mild inconvenience."

Lady Shaylei Eldunari, The Keeper of Time says to Cerise, the Guild Matron, 
"Please continue."

Alitis Valstivar says, "Maybe if death actually had meaning..."

Cerise, the Guild Matron smirks.

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Tomas and I have conversed upon the weapon and 
his strategy is to destroy the spawning pools of the Horde. We both feel as 
those this may be a powerful device of great destructive powers, and not a 
physical Hammer. Therefore their will be a threat against all of us should it 
be uncovered by the wrong people, or by the Horde."

Bathan gives Mathardan, the Loresage an acknowledging nod.

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Ahem... there."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "But Tomas exemplifies the 
point."

Squire Abbie Savet-Kaeul, Ward of Caelya says, "But, who is to say which people
are the wrong ones?"

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem asks, "He's died how many times, 
and keeps coming back?"

Cerise, the Guild Matron says, "That is the question, isn't it, Abbie?"

Bathan gives Abbie an acknowledging nod.

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "Death has no meaning. It is 
an illusion."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Well."

Storm Oracle, Sumie Shaolar says to Mathardan, the Loresage, "That's if said 
weapon can be controlled."

Alitis Valstivar says, "Everybody is the wrong one."

Cerise, the Guild Matron says, "One person will say my side, the other will say
his."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "We all are the wrong 
ones. We are mortal."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "In this case, there will no longer be any NEW 
horde."

Warlord Juganothion Gazali says to Gurn, "Speak for yourself."

Cerise, the Guild Matron's eyes sparkle with amusement at Juganothion.

Alarick Zhek'coh says to Gurn, "And you trust the Gods to decide? They can't 
make up their own damned minds among themselves about anything."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Juganothion, "I know, at
least, you're not the right one."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "That would be a disaster for them, or for us..."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Alarick, "I don't trust 
anyone to decide. I want the weapon destroyed or sealed away for eternity."

Lady Shaylei Eldunari, The Keeper of Time says to Mathardan, the Loresage, "So 
in other words, this "Hammer" could be used to remove a race, like Tanari, 
Sidhe and so forth just as it could remove the Horde?"

Alitis Valstivar says, "When I agree with Gurn..."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "That is an option as well."

Gurn's eyes sparkle with amusement at Alarick.

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "But, it must be dug up then."

Alitis Valstivar says, "I vote we kill all the Xiur in that case."

Sadey shakes her head at Alitis.

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Alitis, "The Dwarves, if
you please."

Alarick Zhek'coh says to Shaylei, "My assumption was more that it could lay 
waste to an entire region. A city, for instance."

Alitis Valstivar says, "Then again I'm racist."

You crease your brow in a frown.

Sadey Murne says, "Remove the horde and go back to fighting amongst ourselves."

Storm Oracle, Sumie Shaolar says, "Isn't the problem that the horde is multiple
races?"

Cerise, the Guild Matron raises an eyebrow questioningly.

Sir Bathan Zran, the Tsunami asks, "The point of this meeting was to discuss 
the hammer, what it was, what it could do, who would dig for it, who would 
leave it be, who would wield it, if found. It seems obvious to me that none of 
us trust the other with such a weapon. Understandable, given the state of the 
world. In which case, what else is there to discuss?"

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "Or at least the ones that
require themselves to be drunk before they work."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "That is the implication."

Lady Mena Farrell says to Sadey, "We will do that even if the Horde still 
exist, nothing will change that."

Sir Mael Vin'Zyan says, "Personally, if I die a thousand times because this 
weapon was unearthed, I wouldn't regret unearthing it to find out more about 
it."

Gurn gives Suruken an acknowledging nod.

Alitis Valstivar says, "And now I'm actually agreeing with Bathan here."
Gurn gives Sumie an acknowledging nod.

Wandering Shadow, Kaelina says, "It'd be ironic if the weapon just somehow 
turned out to be entirely not what we are thinking of."

Galt Amherst says, "Unless the horde claim the weapon, and wipe our homes out."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "If anyone will bother to 
recall, Mathardan has already said he and Tomas had in mind the idea to destroy
the grounds upon which the orcs breed."

Bathan gives Menoch an acknowledging nod.

Alarick nods his head.

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "That implies geographical 
destruction moreso than genocide."

Cerise, the Guild Matron says, "Indeed."

Sir Bathan Zran, the Tsunami says, "A noble goal, but few believe the horde, an
armies potentially millions strong, to be a true threat."

Sadey Murne asks, "And what's to stop the orcs from making new breeding areas?"

Galt Amherst says, "And there are seperate groups within the horde, but they're
all part of the same race. Except the giants."

Alarick Zhek'coh says to Bathan, "It isn't that they aren't a threat... there 
are just greater threats out there. Most of which are represented in this 
room."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem asks Bathan, "When have numbers 
stopped us from triumphing in recent months and years?"

Sir Bathan Zran, the Tsunami says, "Then there's the issue of who commands it.
 
Galt suggested the selection of individuals such as Mathardan."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "And that implies a weapon
powerful enough to level an entire city or council to the ground."

Cerise, the Guild Matron's eyes sparkle with amusement at Alarick.

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "There's an issue of quality 
versus quantity that some Imperial citizens would do well to remember."

Galt Amherst says, "I should think it would level more than just a city, by the
sounds of it." 

Alitis Valstivar says, "I don't think the horde is a threat because I've seen 
them beaten back half a dozen times with no lasting effect on the world."

Cerise, the Guild Matron says, "The danger is, ultimately, that each side will 
wish to kill their own mortal enemies."

Storm Oracle, Sumie Shaolar says, "So how are you supposed to target the 
spawning pools when you don't even know what the hammer does?"

Sadey Murne says, "Were they to organize correctly, perhaps they might be, 
through sheer numbers."

Sir Bathan Zran, the Tsunami says to Menoch, "Numerical advantage at extremes 
always supercedes skill. I can take on five orcs myself. I cannot take on five 
hundred, myself. If an army such as has been described does exist far in the 
east, assuming we could work together, which we can't, we could stand little 
chance."

Alarick Zhek'coh smiles impishly and says to Cerise, the Guild Matron, "I know 
I would."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "Once again, I bring up 
the issue that we've no texts that describe its function, no instruction 
guide."

Alitis Valstivar asks Bathan, "If such an army exists I'm sure it would have 
been at least sighted once over the past... what? 200? 300 years?"

Galt Amherst says, "What if one of us gets the weapon, turns it on an enemy 
city-state and wipes out half the continent?"

Galt raises an eyebrow questioningly.

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "The only way we can 
'test' it is to destroy with it."

Sadey Murne says to Gurn, "So we wing it." 

Sir Bathan Zran, the Tsunami says, "Mathardan, Tomas, Cerise. Thank you for 
your time and wisdom."

Alarick Zhek'coh says to Galt, "Then things just got a lot more interesting in 
the world."

Zachariah shakes his head sadly.

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Sadey, "Great idea, 
let's just blow up half the world while we're at it. I'm sure that'll work 
out."

Lady Mena Farrell says to Mathardan, the Loresage, "Back to business. Assuming 
we get it out, what makes you sure that you, Tomas or anyone can control it 
enough to complete the task?"

Sadey shrugs helplessly at Gurn.

Menoch gives Mena an acknowledging nod.

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "I do not offer to control anything."

Sadey Murne says to Gurn, "Live and learn, or get blown up by weapons of mass 
desctruction."

Gurn rolls his eyes at Sadey.

Sir Mael Vin'Zyan says, "I'm sorry. I must leave. My soul desperately beckons 
elsewhere."

Cerise, the Guild Matron gives Mael an acknowledging nod.

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Sadey, "So we're going 
to blow up half the world trying to figure out how to use a weapon on a 
toothless Horde."

Sadey Murne says to Gurn, "Live a little, and grow a pair." 

"Ha!" Alarick exclaims to Sadey with gusto.

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Sadey, "Yes, that sounds
logical. Very logical."

Sadey Murne says, "And if your afraid, I will wield it."

Majestic Architect, Tomas says, "Friends, have you even seen half the world?"

Warlord Juganothion Gazali says, "One continent is enough." 

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Sadey, "Yeah, because 
you've so much experience with anything."

Alitis Valstivar says, "No... for some reason when I try to go too far east or 
too far west an invisible force holds me back."

Lady Mena Farrell says, "To math someone has to. Surely you can be the hand 
than deliver the will of most of Aetherius."

Sadey Murne asks, "Are you to say you have more?"

Galt Amherst says, "We don't even know if we've seen much of this continent, as
we never pass the mountains."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Very well."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Do we have more to talk about?"

Alarick Zhek'coh says to Galt, "That, actually, is a brilliant idea."

Alarick Zhek'coh says, "Blow a hole in the mountains with it. Let's see what's 
beyond it."

Flower Princess, Adinal Shaolar, Aquamancer says, "What if this weapon is the 
reason the horde exists and it is the cause of the moons?" 

Storm Oracle, Sumie Shaolar says, "Yes." 

Sadey Murne says, "Or under the mountains."

Storm Oracle, Sumie Shaolar says, "Why do you think this will even work on the 
horde?" 

Galt Amherst says to Adinal, "That's not even a possibility, heh." 

Storm Oracle, Sumie Shaolar says, "All I've heard is lets defeat the horde."

Flower Princess, Adinal Shaolar, Aquamancer says to Galt, "And what makes you 
so sure? Have you done research on it?"

Storm Oracle, Sumie Shaolar says, "And yet we have no clue what this hammer is 
or does."

Sadey Murne says to Sumie, "Its a good rallying cry."

Cerise, the Guild Matron smiles wryly, a look of amusement passing over her 
features.

Galt Amherst says to Adinal, "It was buried before the moon shattered."

Cerise, the Guild Matron says, "Such back and forth."

Harbinger of the Damned, Cadeyrn Iscariot says, "Someone with the title Flower 
Princess has no position in these talks."

Alarick Zhek'coh says to Cerise, the Guild Matron, "We've been told to hate 
eachother for so many years now, can you blame us for not getting along?"

Menoch gives Cadeyrn an acknowledging nod.

Galt Amherst says, "We can't just leave it buried."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "The temple and the weapon did exist before the 
breaking."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "Oh yes we can."

Cerise, the Guild Matron says to Alarick, "Who tells you to hate?"

Sadey Murne says to Alarick, "Kinda like most big families."

Galt Amherst says, "None of us can risk our enemies digging it up."

Storm Oracle, Sumie Shaolar says, "Why not, its been buried this long."

Cerise, the Guild Matron tilts her head curiously.

Suruken Chytovil says to Cerise, the Guild Matron, "I find it mildly 
entertaining."

Flower Princess, Adinal Shaolar, Aquamancer says to Cadeyrn, "Says who?"

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "It may have been put there 
by someone who had a really bloody good reason for doing so."

Alarick Zhek'coh says to Cerise, the Guild Matron, "Gods, cities... take your 
pick."

Harbinger of the Damned, Cadeyrn Iscariot says to Adinal, "I'll show you 
later."

Cerise, the Guild Matron smiles and says to Suruken, "Ah, you and I both."

Lord Zachariah Eldunari says to Cadeyrn, "Everyone has a place in these talks 
good sir."

Cadeyrn winks at Adinal.

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "Or Someone."

Cerise, the Guild Matron says to Alarick, "You choose to hate, Alarick."

Galt Amherst says, "It's been buried this long because no one knew about it." 

Cerise, the Guild Matron says, "Everyone does."

Alitis Valstivar says to Adinal, "Galt, for all his flaws, has some basic 
common sense about him."

Harbinger of the Damned, Cadeyrn Iscariot says, "The Hammer is here, its going 
to be unearthed."

Galt Amherst says, "Now we all know, it won't stay buried."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "Okay, better question- 
Who made the weapon, and who put it in the Temple?"

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "Or because Whomever wanted 
it buried."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "Away from dangerous mortal 
hands."

Harbinger of the Damned, Cadeyrn Iscariot says, "The Hammer is going to be 
unearthed and we will squabble over it like pathetic mortals."

Galt Amherst says to Majestic Architect, Tomas, "I believe you know something 
about the creation of it?"

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "The Men of the First Age we believe."

Menoch tilts his head and listens intently to Majestic Architect, Tomas.

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "Caanites, or 
Stavennites?"

Majestic Architect, Tomas says, "I have shared all my findings with Mathardan, 
and we have stewed on them quite a bit."

You see the following people here:
Arianna, Kurayami, Zophael, Abbie, Katarsh, Suruken, Adinal, Juganothion, Sumie
, Gurn, Zachariah, Cadeyrn, Mena, Shaylei, Galt, Menoch, Anerin, Alitis, Mercer
, Sadey, Menoch

Alitis Valstivar says, "I'd like a copy of those findings."

Storm Oracle, Sumie Shaolar says to Majestic Architect, Tomas, "Why do you 
think it will defeat the horde?"

Alitis Valstivar says, "And I'm sure the Imperator will as well."

Alitis Valstivar says, "As would all the other city leaders here."

Majestic Architect, Tomas says, "Why, I'll be sure to cite my sources."

Majestic Architect, Tomas says, "I am offering Aetherius an opportunity, and it
responds with derision and academic demands."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says to Sumie, "This has been 
covered. Because it is a weapon of massive geographical devastation, with which
one can destroy the breeding grounds of the Horde."

Alitis Valstivar says, "Be sure you use proper formatting with your citations."
Alarick ponders for a moment and says "Hrm..."

Storm Oracle, Sumie Shaolar says to Menoch, "No, that's a blind guess."

Lord Zachariah Eldunari says to Majestic Architect, Tomas, "We fear what we do 
not understand."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "No."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "Actually."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "It was stated outright."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Majestic Architect, 
Tomas, "You offer us an oppurtunity for destruction."

Sadey Murne says, "And I say we take it."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Majestic Architect, 
Tomas, "Destruction on a scale we've never seen before."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "So, what is the outcome of the meeting thus far?
Anything? Any decisions made?"

Cerise, the Guild Matron grins mischievously at Mathardan, the Loresage.

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Dig, or not?"

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Sadey, "You're a 
blibbering idiot. When you've actually fought in wars and been marginally 
useful, come back and talk." 

Alarick Zhek'coh asks Majestic Architect, Tomas, "Perhaps a meeting of such a 
large group is not the best place to discuss your findings... would it be more 
convenient to write them and put them on display here in the library?"

Sadey Murne says, "Dig."

Sir Kurayami Lorianis says, "None, cause everyone keeps chasing their own 
tails."

Kurayami chuckles long and heartily.

Galt Amherst says, "I think some people are refusing the chance just because 
they're scared."

Lady Mena Farrell says, "Nay. We aren't ready for such power."

Warlord Juganothion Gazali says, "The real question is."

Sir Kurayami Lorianis says, "I say dig." 

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Mathardan, the Loresage,
"Why was the weapon sealed? Do you know?"

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "Not at all."

Galt Amherst says to Mena, "But now we know it's there, someone will dig it 
up."

Suruken Chytovil says, "We may not be ready."

Harbinger of the Damned, Cadeyrn Iscariot says to Mathardan, the Loresage, 
"Unearth the object, hide it somewhere better."

Suruken Chytovil says, "But if one of us don't get it."

Alitis Valstivar says, "No, we don't dig... because nobody can be trusted with 
it."

Suruken Chytovil says, "The orcs will."

Warlord Juganothion Gazali asks, "Can everyone here agree to abide by 
consensus, if such were to happen?"

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "No one at all."

Galt Amherst says to Gurn, "It wasn't sealed. It was lost."

Suruken Chytovil says, "And I don't know about you guys." 

Lady Adelena Vaz'rias, Ward of the Icewyrms says, "I think it would be better 
to dig it out first, and then we figure out what it does and if anyone of us 
should hold it."

Suruken Chytovil says, "I don't want the freaking orcs to have it."

Storm Oracle, Sumie Shaolar says to Galt, "Oh?"

Suruken shrugs helplessly. 

Sadey Murne says, "I have an idea."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "I will try to compile a single reference book 
for the library."

Alarick Zhek'coh says, "We have two options. We can race eachother to dig it up
and start a war until we are all dead, or the weapon is gone, or we find a way 
to annihilate it entirely. It's quite clear none of us will allow the others to
have it."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "It may take a couple of months."

Sadey Murne says, "We dig it up, use it to defeat the horde, and toss it in a 
volcanoe."

Alarick gives Mathardan, the Loresage an acknowledging nod.

Majestic Architect, Tomas says, "Are you all familiar with how the weapons you 
wield came about?"

Lady Mena Farrell says to Galt, "If enough people agree, we can make sure it 
keeps being lost forever."

Majestic Architect, Tomas says, "And why you are not swinging steel?"

Galt Amherst says to Mena, "But you'll always have someone chasing it down now 
it's known about."

Lady Shaylei Eldunari, The Keeper of Time says, "I say dig, but give it to a 
God for its use. If no God wishes to hold it ...then it should be destroyed."

Alarick Zhek'coh says to Majestic Architect, Tomas, "Zophael took a stick and 
put a pointy bit of metal on it. Other than that, not particularly."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "I'm swinging steel."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says to Sadey, "I never thought 
this would happen twice is one month, but I agree with Gurn. You're a 
blibbering idiot with no knowledge of war."

Alitis Valstivar says, "I remember something about a mage ruining all the 
metals in the world and so we had to shift to other metals which sound very 
similar to the old metals."

Lady Mena Farrell says, "Because someone *cough* Kinsarmarian, meddled with 
steel."

Warlord Juganothion Gazali asks, "I have yet to hear an answer to my question. 
Would everyone here agree to consensus if one is reached?"

Warlord Juganothion Gazali says, "If not this is just boring."

Storm Oracle, Sumie Shaolar says to Gurn, "Pretty sure I stole mine from a 
tree."

Lady Shaylei Eldunari, The Keeper of Time says to Juganothion, "I would."

Majestic Architect, Tomas says, "Indeed. Someone made a foolhardy decision that
ruined your old way of thinking. In a vacuum of options, a new path was 
necessary." 

Lady Mena Farrell says to Shaylei, "Can it be destroyed at all?"

Majestic Architect, Tomas says, "You all have been fruitlessly fighting the 
some war for two centuries and beyond. You haven't lost, sure, but you 
certainly haven't won."

Alarick gives Majestic Architect, Tomas an acknowledging nod.

Warlord Juganothion Gazali says, "If we can not agree to abiding by any 
consensus that is reached then we may as well get back to killing each other, 
cause we are doing nothing here."

Suruken Chytovil says, "Now what would be interesting."

Lady Shaylei Eldunari, The Keeper of Time says to Mena, "I would hope so... All
things sur come to Ruin."

Cerise, the Guild Matron says, "And whether you call it "loss" or a "mild 
inconvenience", it's fruitless."

Harbinger of the Damned, Cadeyrn Iscariot says, "We should nominate a 
representative from each side to discuss these matters, and agree that their 
discussions are binding."

Cerise, the Guild Matron smirks.

Suruken Chytovil says, "Is if this hammer need a leader from each area to 
work."

Harbinger of the Damned, Cadeyrn Iscariot says, "We can call them diplomats."

Suruken's eyes sparkle with amusement.

Suruken Chytovil says, "It would implode on the spot."

Lady Mena Farrell says to Shaylei, "That certainly comes out funny from someone
in the sands."

Suruken utters a deep, rumbling laugh.

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says to Mena, "I'd recommend not 
speaking to it, Imperator. Its idiocy may be catching."

Lady Shaylei Eldunari, The Keeper of Time says to Mena, "You forget that I was 
in charge of Lady Anathema's Order for a very long time."

Galt Amherst says, "So those of you who oppose digging honestly think if you 
ignore it and pretend it's gone, it'll just cease to be a problem?"

Galt Amherst says, "Do you honestly think like that?"

Galt raises an eyebrow questioningly.

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "I think that if you are all 
kept from retrieving it, it will cease to be a problem."

Alitis Valstivar says, "I think if I stab people who try to dig it enough 
they'll stop digging."

Menoch gives Alitis an acknowledging nod.

Alitis Valstivar says, "And since I like stabbing... I never run out of things 
to do."

Suruken Chytovil says, "Orcs dig too...."

"Heh heh heh," Gurn chuckles at Alarick.

Galt Amherst says, "You can't always guard it."

Alitis Valstivar says, "Then I stab orcs."

Gurn grunts noncommittally.

Galt Amherst says, "You can't be sure someone won't dig another way to it."

Alarick Zhek'coh says to Galt, "I imagine they want a more permanent solution. 
A firestorm from one of Baar's suns at the temple site might seal it for a few 
decades, for instance."

Lord Zachariah Eldunari says to Galt, "It will always be a problem...until it 
is unearthed. Then new problems will arise, as you well know."

Harbinger of the Damned, Cadeyrn Iscariot says, "Baar may as well be a 
Stavennite God."

Cerise, the Guild Matron looks about herself, rubbing her chin thoughtfully.

Alitis Valstivar asks Galt, "And your alternative is I stand by while somebody 
like... Kinsarmar digs it up?"

"Heh heh heh," Alarick chuckles.

Sadey Murne asks, "The big question is, can we put aside our personal views and
feelings long enough to even come to a decision about what to do with the 
situation we find ourselves in?"

Alitis Valstivar says, "Yes, let Kinsarmar dig it up, I'm sure they'll turn it 
on the horde and not the Empire."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "Yeah, see, I want to 
figure out another solution- A powerful magickal barrier perhaps, a raging 
permanent firestorm, something like that, in addition to the dirt in the way."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "So is there no plan at this point?"

Galt Amherst says to Alitis, "No, whilst we -all- work to dig it up, then see 
if we can either destroy it or use it on the horde."

Gurn utters a deep, rumbling laugh.

Harbinger of the Damned, Cadeyrn Iscariot says, "Decide someone who is 
trustworthy and neutral enough to hold the hammer."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says to Juganothion, "And you 
should know better than most, no one will hold to any concensus on a subject of
such power and obvious contention."

Cadeyrn points accusingly at Cerise, the Guild Matron.

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Perhaps a short votes to see where we stand?"

Cerise, the Guild Matron's eyes twinkle enchantingly.

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Galt, "I can see that 
working. At the moment it's unearthed, all Dis breaks loose as we fall upon 
each other, fighting for control."

Alitis Valstivar says to Galt, "If you trust me to not try to steal it and blow
up Kinsarmar, you are a fool."

Harbinger of the Damned, Cadeyrn Iscariot says to Cerise, the Guild Matron, 
"You are.. as neutral as I can imagine."

Warlord Juganothion Gazali asks, "What good is a vote?"

Galt Amherst says to Gurn, "There is no such thing as permanent barrier nor an 
impenetrable one, Gurn."

Cerise, the Guild Matron exclaims to Juganothion, "For how often you touch your
hair, I am amused that you still have some!"

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "First to deal with digging or not."

Alarick Zhek'coh says, "We do have an oppportunity here. One we are not likely 
to have again. After a century of constant war, we can do something in one 
unified action."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "No, but there are 
barriers that make things difficult."

Harbinger of the Damned, Cadeyrn Iscariot says, "Dig."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "Things that prevent 
digging."

Galt Amherst says, "I say dig."

Lady Shaylei Eldunari, The Keeper of Time says, "Dig, but respectively."

Sir Kurayami Lorianis says, "Dig."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Who is AGAINSY digging up the temple?"

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "And when we see someone 
attempting to break that barrier, we kill them. Simple."

Sadey Murne says, "Dig."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "AGAINST."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "Against."

Warlord Juganothion Gazali says to Cerise, the Guild Matron, "It doesn't smooth
itself."

Knight-Errant Arianna Kaeul, Ward of Daegun says, "I say dig."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "One..."

Alitis Valstivar says, "I know I'm firmly against it myself."

Cerise, the Guild Matron's eyes twinkle enchantingly at Juganothion.

Suruken Chytovil says, "Say dig."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "Against."

Lady Mena Farrell says, "Against."

Lord Zachariah Eldunari says, "The official stance of Antioch is to oppose the 
dig."

Alarick Zhek'coh says, "I'm only against it if Ithaquans don't get to handle 
the weapon."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "4 or 5."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "The whole of Celidon is 
against, as well."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Who is FOR?"

Ceiasu says to Cerise, the Guild Matron, "For I wasn't present for the whole 
meeting, what is your opinion on the matter Lady Cerise?"

Sadey Murne says to Gurn, "You don't speak for celidon."

Galt Amherst says, "For."

Cerise, the Guild Matron says, "The whole of Celidon and the whole of Ithaqua 
are not here." 

Master Mathiaus Reopev says, "I am for."

Squire Abbie Savet-Kaeul, Ward of Caelya says, "I say dig."

Suruken Chytovil says, "I am for."

Sir Katarsh Sa'Gael, Guardian of the Rose says, "I am foor."

Sir Kurayami Lorianis says, "I'm for."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Sadey, "I'm an Advisor 
who was appointed to oversee this. Yes, I am."

Sir Katarsh Sa'Gael, Guardian of the Rose says, "For, even."

You say, "For."

Wandering Shadow, Kaelina says, "For.."

Ceiasu says, "I am for."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Sadey, "So shut up, once
again."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "At this point the majority is for."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says to Zachariah, "You might wish 
to remind Dias of that fact. He was there assisting Galt with the dig earlier 
this month."

Alitis Valstivar asks, "So?"

Sadey rolls her eyes at Gurn.

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "Majority present, is 
for."

Knight-Errant Arianna Kaeul, Ward of Daegun says, "For."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "There are many more who 
are against."

Alitis Valstivar says, "If the minority can kill off the majority."

Alitis Valstivar says, "Then the majority is against."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "Excellent, then we've many 
to kill."

Galt Amherst says to Gurn, "If they cared enough, they'd be here."

Master Mathiaus Reopev says, "They aren't here, are they?"

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says to Majestic Architect, Tomas, 
"I'll see you later."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "Would the againsts ever concede to a majority?"

Cerise, the Guild Matron smirks at Alitis.

Alitis Valstivar says, "Majority of survivors anyway."

Unable to restrain himself, Alarick begins laughing out loud.

Master Mathiaus Reopev says, "If it was so important to them."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Galt, "Actually, most 
couldn't stand to listen to you nor Sadey's blundering idiocy."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Galt, "I was made to 
suffer this task instead."

Alarick Zhek'coh asks Alitis, "Weren't you just talking about how dying does 
nothing?"

Galt Amherst says to Gurn, "I've hardly spoken."

Sadey ponders for a moment and says "Hrm..."

Alitis Valstivar says, "I do not believe in solving important problems through 
democratic processes."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Galt, "Each word that 
comes out of your mouth is torture enough."

Menoch gives Alitis an acknowledging nod.

Sadey Murne says, "Funny thing gurn, before this all started we were such good 
friends."

Alarick Zhek'coh asks Gurn, "Damn, the hell happened to you since I've been 
gone?"

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "Imperial edict will see this
thing to its logical conclusion."

Cerise, the Guild Matron squints suspiciously at her surroundings. 

Sadey Murne says, "I'm glad this happened so I could learn how much of a a ass 
you really are."

Lady Mena Farrell says, "Stranger things have happened before. Nothing is 
immutable or unchanging."

Lady Mena Farrell says, "Except idiocy."

Cerise, the Guild Matron says, "This peaceful meeting is quickly degenerating." 

Katarsh nods his head.

Cerise, the Guild Matron says, "Is it salvageable?"

Arianna gives Cerise, the Guild Matron an acknowledging nod.

Galt Amherst says, "It is, I believe."

Cerise, the Guild Matron says, "Or will you children throw sand in each others'
eyes?"

Mercer Da'Saison Sunjackal says, "This happens when you put too much hot air in
the room."

Alarick Zhek'coh says to Cerise, the Guild Matron, "Too many people, I say. I 
do like the idea of appointing diplomats from each city and council."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says to Cerise, the Guild Matron, 
"I haven't slaughtered anything yet."

Galt Amherst says, "Those suggesting violence are the ones who were outvoted."

Cerise, the Guild Matron exclaims to Menoch, "I admire your restraint!"

Ceiasu says to Cerise, the Guild Matron, "Possibly. They have a tendency to get
violent though."

Mathardan, the Loresage says, "I think we may need to rest until next month and
meet again."

Menoch shrugs helplessly.

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "So, I propose we find a 
way to bury and seal with weapon."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "I try."

Sadey Murne says, "I shall still my tongue until I calm down."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "Who is against sealing 
this weapon against all use?"

Cerise, the Guild Matron says to Galt, "I take it we are all violent in the 
worst situations, Galt."

Lady Shaylei Eldunari, The Keeper of Time says to Cerise, the Guild Matron, "I 
think it can if we knew more about this Hammer, but until then its just going 
to be a blood bath, that I personally want nothing to do with."

Cerise, the Guild Matron says, "Outvoted or not."

Hiding a yawn, Mathardan, the Loresage returns to reading a large tome. You 
cannot help but notice a smaller one inside it and, sneaking a glance, you find
it appears to be a romance novel.

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "Then leave."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "If you want nothing to do 
with it." 

Lord Zachariah Eldunari says to Mathardan, the Loresage, "I will present a 
synopsis of this meeting to the Council. I will not speak for them, it appears 
that the general consensus is to support and I will report that as well."

Galt Amherst says to Gurn, "Your idea is, by and large, an impossibility. You 
cannot seal things forever, no matter how you might try."

Warlord Juganothion Gazali says to Mathardan, the Loresage, "This isn't the 
time to quench your..thirst Mathardan."

Alitis Valstivar says, "Cerise, do NOT think yourself above anybody just 
because our guilds allow you to recruit for us."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says to Galt, "Actually, Celidon 
knows full well that that is a lie. I seem to remember several decades ago 
killing them all until they chose not to return."

Lady Shaylei Eldunari, The Keeper of Time says to Menoch, "I came hoping to 
learn more of this Hammer before making a ..life changing decision."

Cerise, the Guild Matron says, "I am not above anyone, but I will call the 
mudslinging as I see it. It is not objective and it is emotionally fueled 
instead of rational."

Master Mathiaus Reopev says, "What she said."

Master Mathiaus Reopev says, "Bias carries heavily."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Menoch, "I remember a 
while back we did the same to Stavenn."

Gurn gives a wolfish grin, displaying his fangs.

Ceiasu says, "It really sounds like this meeting is mostly bickering."

Galt Amherst says, "I've remained calm in this, despite the conflicts. When I, 
Galt Amherst, am the one staying calm, that means much."

Cerise, the Guild Matron gives Ceiasu an acknowledging nod.

Shaylei nods her head at Galt, showing her acceptance.

Alarick Zhek'coh asks, "If you want to relive old wars, do you need to do it 
here?"

Master Mathiaus Reopev says, "Rather not."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says to Gurn, "The point is doubly 
valid then. I wasn't 'mudslinging', just illustrating a point. I thank you for 
your assistance in the illustration."

Mathiaus looks about himself, rubbing his chin thoughtfully. 

Galt Amherst says to Mathardan, the Loresage, "So, the vote went in favor of 
digging. I assume those in the minority will try to violently oppose the dig."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "The point is, it is 
possible to seal the weapon through dirt and magick. We've seen that our 
generators can produce powerful shields-- Why not divert power for the Temple?"

Cerise, the Guild Matron looks about herself, rubbing her chin thoughtfully.

Mena tilts her head and listens intently to Gurn.

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "When the minority is more 
capable at warfare than the majority, it doesn't really matter what they want 
to do."

Alarick Zhek'coh says to Gurn, "Do you really expect Antioch to allow you to 
erect a magickal barrier in the Shaahri? Really?"

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "We are informed, as well,
when the attacks are performed upon such barriers."

Harbinger of the Damned, Cadeyrn Iscariot says to Gurn, "Okay.. you use your 
Generators to do that.. we'll take your Obelisks." 

Master Mathiaus Reopev says, "Well, seeing how this is going, I shall have to 
see the outcomes later. I must retire. I'm glad to see the...progress, you've 
all made."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "If anyone attempts to 
breach, we may all rally to defend it."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem asks Alarick, "Do you really think 
you're capable of preventing it?"

Adinal leaves to the east.

Adinal has been bludgeoned to death by a goblin hunter.

Alarick Zhek'coh says to Menoch, "I'm not Antiochian."

Galt Amherst says to Gurn, "The Obelisk barriers only work on those islands, 
for good reason."

Menoch shrugs helplessly.

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Galt, "But the point is,
it's possible."

Galt Amherst says, "As a note, the horde are about to attack us."

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says to Galt, "It's very 
possible."

The air suddenly gains a foul taste with the entrance of a black-eyed orc from 
the east.

A black-eyed orc snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.

(The orc is quickly dispatched, without a hitch.)

Alarick chuckles long and heartily.

Mena peers about herself unscrupulously.

Katarsh utters a deep, rumbling laugh.

Sentinel Gurn Tellaris, Woodland's Vindication says, "The horde's terribly 
dangerous, I see."

Sir Kurayami Lorianis says, "That's..."

Gurn looks about himself, rubbing his chin thoughtfully.

Alarick Zhek'coh says, "Looks like they've found out."

Mortificare Menoch Andarial, Anima Raptorem says, "So dangerous, even the 
completely inept can stall them."

Sir Kurayami Lorianis says, "That was just a scout."

An Ogre soldier snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
An Ogre soldier snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
An Ogre soldier snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
An Ogre soldier snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
An Ogre soldier snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
An Ogre soldier snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
An Ogre soldier snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
An Ogre soldier snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
An ogre necromancer snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
An ogre necromancer snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
An ogre necromancer snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
An ogre necromancer snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
An ogre necromancer snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
An orc soldier snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
An orc soldier snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
An orc soldier snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
An orc soldier snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
An orc soldier snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
An orc soldier snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
An orc soldier snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
An orc soldier snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
An orc soldier snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
An orc soldier snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A black-eyed orc snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A black-eyed orc snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A black-eyed orc snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A black-eyed orc snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A black-eyed orc snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A black-eyed orc snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A black-eyed orc snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A black-eyed orc snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A black-eyed orc snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A goblin hunter snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A goblin hunter snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A goblin hunter snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A goblin hunter snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A goblin hunter snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A goblin hunter snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A goblin hunter snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A goblin hunter snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A goblin hunter snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A goblin hunter snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A goblin hunter snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A goblin hunter snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A goblin hunter snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A goblin hunter snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A goblin hunter snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A goblin hunter snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A goblin hunter snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A goblin hunter snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A goblin hunter snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.
A goblin hunter snarls angrily at Adelena and moves in for the kill.

(At this point, I ran to check on the temple, fearing what such a scouting party might mean. It's important to note that this scouting party wiped out most present, even some of those claiming that the Horde is a negligible threat. Thankfully, not a single orc was sighted in the area. None living, at least.)

(Kinsarmar): You say, "The good news is that they haven't yet stumbled upon the
temple."

(Kinsarmar): Galt says, "People should start listening to my warnings."

(Kinsarmar): Galt says, "They really, really should."

(Kinsarmar): Galt says, "We may want to shut the gate."

(Kinsarmar): Galt says, "And keep it shut."

(Kinsarmar): Abbie says, "They should not underestimate things as well."

(Kinsarmar): Galt says, "Please? Now?"

You tell Galt Amherst, "The dig site is clear. Still have three miners down 
there."

Galt Amherst says, "I did warn them."

Galt Amherst says, "But no."

You say, "You did."

Galt Amherst says, "No one listens."

Galt Amherst says, ""The horde is coming!" "No they aren't!""

Galt Amherst says, "This is not the first time." 

Galt Amherst says, "I have been the first to spot them several times."

Galt Amherst says, "And I have warned people every time."

Galt Amherst says, "I have never cried wolf."

You say, "We need to think of a plan now. Obviously it doesn't matter who 
opposes the dig, the Horde will eventually find this place."

A long, distressed wail emanates from Caanae, echoing throughout the land.

You furrow your brow in troubled thought.

Galt Amherst says, "I have a plan."

(Kinsarmar): Galt says, "Group up at the gate."

(Kinsarmar): Suruken says, "What's going on?"

(Kinsarmar): Galt says, "Well, no one listened to Galt and now the world is 
ending. Again."

(Kinsarmar): Ceiasu says, "Horde."

(Kinsarmar): Galt says, "All of you. Gate. Now."

(Kinsarmar): You say, "The Horde comes, and the Shield of the North will rise 
to meet it."

(Kinsarmar): Suruken says, "We got the bunch at Mathardan."

(Kinsarmar): Galt says, "You're at Mathardan? And safe?"

(Kinsarmar): Galt says, "Clarity please. Yes, or no."

(Kinsarmar): Kurayami says, "Getting back now."

(Kinsarmar): Suruken says, "Was I have 19 of them."

(Kinsarmar): Suruken says, "Its safe now."

(Kinsarmar): Suruken says, "Dias myself caderyn and alitis got a chunk of 
them."

Galt Amherst says, "That was the Horde."

Galt Amherst says, "Lots of the bastards."

(Kinsarmar): Kurayami says, "That was only a scout troop, I wager..."

Galt Amherst says, "You know, "The horde", the name even has it."

(Kinsarmar): Suruken says, "Most likely."

Galt Amherst says, "All ready?"

(Kinsarmar): Suruken says, "They killed mathardan."

You say, "I tried to help explain."

You say, "They ignored me."

(Kinsarmar): Kurayami says, "Meaning, we'll need to be more on our guards..."

Galt Amherst says, "Just say yes. We're going. Follow.. Caelya."

Galt Amherst says to you, "Follow me."

Sir Kurayami Lorianis says, "They ignore everyone. What else is new."

(Kinsarmar): Ceiasu says, "So the horde decided to invade, think that'll be 
enough incentive?"

(Kinsarmar): Suruken says, "Depends how hard they raid."

Galt Amherst says, "Going."

(Our group went to Caanae to find Cerise among a mound of dead bodies, Tomas and Mathardan among them. As many of you now know, Mathardan is trapped in Dis, likely never to return. Hopefully such a loss of a great mind will spur Aetherius onward to meet the Horde and do what is necessary to stop it, but only time will tell. I would like to add that I think Mathardan's death is a message: Do not take what you have for granted; you may not always be allowed to retrieve what is lost.)
