+++
aliases = ["/logs/919"]
category = "Misc"
character = "Mael"
game = "Imperian"
points = -4
title = "Beat you to it Dias"
votes = 8
+++

You tell Sir Dias Tethe'alla, "((Wow!!! Holy fuck! You can kill someone when 
they're afk. you fucking prick. ))."

Dias tells you, "(( I can do it while they're active too ))."

You tell Sir Dias Tethe'alla, "((doesn't change the fact that you're a 
metagaming prick))."

Dias tells you, "(( How am I metagaming? ))."

You tell Sir Dias Tethe'alla, "((outcasting laethus. using ooc info ic is 
metagaming. you fucking prick.))."

Dias tells you, "(( What did I use that is OOC? ))."

Dias tells you, "(( And Laethus was outcast due to his engagement ))."

Dias tells you, "(( Plus, he rejected the bloodline so now he's enemied ))."

You tell Sir Dias Tethe'alla, "((the fact that I play both of them. you're 
pissed at mael so you take it out on me by ousting laethus. Laethus got engaged
way before you ousted. Seriously. now I remember why I hated you for so long. 
oh hahahahahahahah look at me, I have an arti. lawlpwnt fukken n00b. well fuck 
you. Seriously. quit being a fucking prick. I don't give a fuck. I'll metagame 
too you fucking asshole. God I fucking hate you.))."


Dias tells you, "(( I don't honors Laethus everday and I am around for maybe 
1-2 hours, if that. I saw it, and ousted. ))."


You tell Sir Dias Tethe'alla, "((doesn't change the fact that you're a 
prick))."

Dias tells you, "(( I suppose it doesn't. ))."

You tell Sir Dias Tethe'alla, "((I'm not frustrated over a game. I'm frustrated
at you. ))."


Dias tells you, "(( Which is a game. Because, you do not know me. You know 
Dias. ))."


You tell Sir Dias Tethe'alla, "((I wouldn't want to know you anymore. fucking 
prick))."


Dias tells you, "(( You are an angry little kid. ))."


You tell Sir Dias Tethe'alla, "((I'm tired of dealing with the bullshit. 
really.))."

Dias tells you, "(( Keep on going, this will be lovely to log on Nogfx. ))."

You tell Sir Dias Tethe'alla, "((hahaha do you really think I give a fuck? ))."

Dias tells you, "(( Probably considering how much this game is upsetting you. 
))."

You tell Sir Dias Tethe'alla, "((I can see it now. ROFL Mael blows up. comments
yeah, fucking n00b hahaha)."


Dias tells you, "(( You should really get out into the real world every now and
then. Might do that suppressed rage a bit of good. ))."


Sir Dias Tethe'alla, "((fuck you all. I came on here to have a good 
time, and it's fucktards like you that ruin the game for someone who's just 
trying to have fun. ))."

Dias tells you, "(( Alright ))."

You tell Sir Dias Tethe'alla, "Just kill me how ever many times you need to in 
order to get this behind us. I'm tired of the bullshit."


Dias tells you, "It'll never end."

You tell Sir Dias Tethe'alla, "Than what must we do to solve this issue, so I 
don't have to issue?"

You tell Sir Dias Tethe'alla, "I'm coming to you to get this resolved."

Dias tells you, "YOu can issue. I'll retort with a valid response which will 
usher you looking stupid and your issue being dismissed."


You tell Sir Dias Tethe'alla, "Issues are for putting people like you in their 
place. Then you'll bitch on BIB about how you got tdf'd again. I'm trying to 
resolve this IG like they want us to. If you don't give me that, then I will 
isue."

Dias tells you, "Go ahead and issue. I attacked with a valid reason and I will 
justify it with that."


You tell Sir Dias Tethe'alla, "Your valid reason is that I raided. You've 
killed me how many times for that now?"


You tell Sir Dias Tethe'alla, "You've killed me twice while afk."

Dias tells you, "YOu shouldn't be AFK."

You tell Sir Dias Tethe'alla, "You got 3 legit because mael attacked trying to 
get you out of tirhin."


Dias tells you, "And I will kill you for killing AHkan, my guild member, and 
Shou, my son. You teamed me, thats one."


You tell Sir Dias Tethe'alla, "Alright. let's tally them up."

Dias tells you, "Twice in Tirhin, twice teaming, raiding, guild memebr, and 
son."

Dias tells you, "2+2+1+1+1."


Dias tells you, "Gasp, 2 more to go."


You tell Sir Dias Tethe'alla, "Then let's get it out of the way so you can 
leave me the fuck alone."


Dias tells you, "Nah."


Dias tells you, "I'll do it on my time. Not yours."

