+++
aliases = ["/logs/1260"]
category = "Humour"
game = "Imperian"
points = -7
title = "Terrible Descriptions"
votes = 11
+++

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
KALIMA:
She is a normal Norrjin. The Sidhe blood in her makes Kalima appear to be no 
more than 25 years of age, but it would be hard to say exactly how old she 
truly is. She stands at a mere 4'9", yet her lithe figure emanates a magnetic, 
untamed power which seems to make you gravitate toward her. Her skin has a 
light golden tan, and the sheer radiance of it makes it clear that it would be 
smoother than velvet to the touch. Her enthralling eyes shift from iridescent 
amber to gold to light green depending on her mood, and hold a smoldering glow.
Her inquisitive, near hypnotic gaze can make you slightly dizzy when it falls 
upon you, at the same time telling you to keep your distance. Kalima's hair 
falls about her face in unruly, wild locks and tresses of ebony black, framing 
her well-toned body down to just below the small of her back, twigs and leaves 
often entangled in the masses. When she moves, you can hear a slight chime 
about her. On closer inspection, you notice what seems to be threads of silk 
dyed in subdued, earthen colors, holding small amulets of polished bone and 
crystal woven and braided into her locks. Strange, unsettling tattoos which 
seem to contort and come alive as she moves, wreath the skin that you can see 
on her slender arms and legs. Standing close enough to her allows you to sense 
a faint, yet suggestive scent of earth, iron, vanilla, green herbs and spices, 
with an oddly appealing underlying note that you can't quite place. She is 
wearing 5 pocketbelts, a shimmering halo, a pocketbelt, a white feathered 
armband, a pair of leather vambraces, a suit of scale mail, a banded shield, a 
pair of leather greaves, a leather helm, buff coloured suede pants, a pristine 
white silk shirt, fur lined boots of white suede, a bright yellow mask, and a 
spicy cinnamon scent. She wields a strong broadsword in her left hand and a 
banded shield in her right.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------