+++
aliases = ["/logs/1213"]
category = "Humour"
game = "Imperian"
points = 3
title = "The Story of a Stavennite Hard (but sexually submissive) ass"
votes = 3
+++

Ryanne kisses Alitis gently on the lips.

Ryanne Val'Sidos says, in Ssylsin, "This is the right thing love."

The grandiose foyer of the Imperial Hostel. (City of Stavenn.)
A runic totem is planted solidly in the ground. Capacious, overstuffed
cushions attract your attention towards the circular leather sofa that
dominates the center of the foyer. A sigil in the shape of a small,
rectangular monolith is on the ground. Gold glinting warmly from his
beard and stumpy fingers, Jerielin lingers here.
You see exits leading north, south, and a polished stone staircase leads up.
H:400 M:400 E:2112 W:1990 <eb db@>
An opulent barroom.
A runic totem is planted solidly in the ground. A wide bar stretches the
length of the wall it rests against here, its counter littered with a
variety of mugs and glasses. Matching barstools have been secured into
the floor along its patron edge, their seats made of soft ebon leather.
A sigil in the shape of a small, rectangular monolith is on the ground.
An ivory seashell hammock hangs here, the coral beads dangling from its
hem oscillate gently back and forth with the wind. A dusky gemstone lies
here. A medal from an old war lies forgotten upon the ground. Filand,
the Bartender, is looking around attentively. A tall serpentine woman
stands proudly here, her eyes narrowed dangerously. A small black cobra
is flaring its hood here. An old drunk sits behind a table here,
drinking his fill. Alitis and Ryanne are sitting at a polished oak bar.
Lord Alitis Valstivar is here.You see a sign here instructing you that
WARES is the command to see what is for sale.
You see exits leading north, northeast, south, and northwest.

Alitis kisses Ryanne gently on the lips.

Lord Alitis Valstivar says, in Ssylsin, "I hope so..."

Ryanne gives your hand a tender, reassuring squeen.

Alitis caresses Ryanne gently.

Ryanne kisses Alitis gently on the lips.

Ryanne whispers to Alitis, "I'll not steer you wrong."

Alitis wraps his tail gently around Ryanne, affectionately pulling her
close.

Alitis whispers to Ryanne, "I know you wouldn't."

Ryanne yawns suddenly and mightily.

Ryanne leans against Alitis and wraps her arms around him, smiling
contently.

Ryanne drops a Soul Stealer.
As the shot glass hits the ground it dissolves into a fine mist.

Lord Alitis Valstivar asks, in Ssylsin, "Anyway, where were we?"

Ryanne Val'Sidos says, in Ssylsin, "I was talking about tempting Adonis."

Ryanne gives a trillingly melodic laugh.

"Heh heh heh," Alitis chuckles.

Lord Alitis Valstivar says, in Ssylsin, "Ah, right."

Lord Alitis Valstivar says, in Ssylsin, "I had asked you about the
craziest thing you've ever done sexually and it eventually led to that."

"Mhmm," Ryanne murmurs, nodding slow and deliberately.

Ryanne Val'Sidos says, in Ssylsin, "What about you."

Alitis ponders the situation.

Lord Alitis Valstivar says, in Ssylsin, "Well, you might find this one a
bit surprising..."

Ryanne wraps her tail gently around Alitis, affectionately pulling him
close.

Alitis whispers to Ryanne, "Well... you know how I was with Randomperson at
one time?"

"Mhmm," Ryanne murmurs, nodding slow and deliberately.

Alitis whispers to Ryanne, "Well, at one point we had introduced a third
to spice things up..."
Ryanne whispers to Alitis, "Who?"

Alitis whispers to Ryanne, "Well, her name was Shadeau, a Lycaean...
though she wasn't entirely a 'her'"

Ryanne raises an eyebrow questioningly.

Alitis whispers to Ryanne, "She had both, to put it bluntly."

Ryanne Val'Sidos says, in Ssylsin, "That is different."


Alitis nods his head.

Alitis whispers to Ryanne, "So I guess the craziest thing was letting
myself be sandwiched between 'her' and Randomperson."

Alitis grins mischievously.

Ryanne whispers to Alitis, "How naughty."

"Heh heh heh," Alitis chuckles.

Ryanne whispers to Alitis, "Bet you'd have loved to sandwich me between
you and Randomperson."

Alitis whispers to Ryanne, "Well, it'd have been fun... though I admit
to enjoying being between a man and a woman the most..."

A ssylsin death dancer busies herself with checking her own personal
stock of drinks and delicacies.

Ryanne whispers to Alitis, "So you like men more than Randomperson then?"

Alitis whispers to Ryanne, "Well, I guess so, I do enjoy being taken."

Alitis whispers to Ryanne, "And I noted with Shadeau that Lycaean
members have an... interesting quality."

"Oh?" Ryanne exclaims quizzically.

Alitis whispers to Ryanne, "Well, just before orgasm the base of the
cock seems to bulge, it's a pleasurable experience."

Ryanne Val'Sidos says, in Ssylsin, "Oh it does more than that."

Alitis grins mischievously.

Lord Alitis Valstivar says, in Ssylsin, "You seem to have experience."

"Mhmm," Ryanne murmurs, nodding slow and deliberately.

Alitis whispers to Ryanne, "But yah, it bulges, then they stick it in
and... well, the only problem is that just after it's stuck inside you
and takes a little time before they can pull it out. Still though..."

Ryanne Val'Sidos says, in Ssylsin, "I remember."

Ryanne whispers to Alitis, "I love how it feels just throbbing in there."

Ryanne shivers violently.

Alitis grins mischievously.

Ryanne whispers to Alitis, "Not as good as you felt."

Alitis smirks.

Ryanne whispers to Alitis, "I like the texture of the scales."

Ryanne grins mischievously.

Alitis smirks.

Alitis whispers to Ryanne, "Well, you are a Ssylsin, it's only natural
for you to more greatly enjoy your own kind. Though yes, the texture of
scales is very stimulating..."

Alitis caresses Ryanne gently.

Alitis whispers to Ryanne, "Though again, it might just be natural
racial preference."

Alitis gives Aliesa an acknowledging nod.

Aliesa curtseys respectfully before herself.

Ryanne kisses Alitis gently on the lips.
Ryanne strokes Alitis tenderly.

Ryanne whispers to Alitis, "To be fair I always enjoyed an elf."

Ryanne whispers to Alitis, "I was born one you see."

Alitis smirks.

Alitis whispers to Ryanne, "Ah... it's funny that I was born as one but
still preferred the scalier races."

Alitis grins mischievously.

Ryanne leans closely and kisses Alitis, nibbling lightly on his lip.

Ryanne Val'Sidos says, in Ssylsin, "I'm glad I changed."

Alitis's mouth turns up as his face breaks into a smile.

Alitis gives Ryanne a warm, loving smile, and leans in to kiss her softly.

Ryanne strokes Alitis tenderly.

Alitis caresses Ryanne gently.

Ryanne beams at Alitis with a sunny smile.

Ryanne wraps her arms around Alitis and covers his face with eager
little kisses.

Ryanne snickers softly to herself.

Alitis whispers to Ryanne, "You know, this conversation has been turning
me on... makes it hard to stick to the ideal I wanted to hold to."

Alitis grins mischievously.

Ryanne whispers to Alitis, "Its up to you darling."

Ryanne strokes Alitis tenderly.

Alitis grins mischievously.

Alitis kisses Ryanne gently on the lips.

Ryanne leans into Alitis and kisses him long and tenderly.

Ryanne strokes Alitis tenderly.

Alitis caresses Ryanne gently.

Ryanne whispers to Alitis, "While I'm willing to wait and let you keep
your promise... I do want you."

Alitis's mouth turns up as his face breaks into a smile.

Ryanne slides over from her barstool and into your lap. She crosses her
legs and leans down to kiss you tenderly.

Alitis leans into Ryanne and kisses her long and tenderly.

Ryanne strokes Alitis tenderly.

Ryanne's eyes repeatedly shut as she tries to stay awake.

Ryanne whispers to Alitis, "Is it alright I'm sitting here?"

Alitis whispers to Ryanne, "Don't worry about it."

Alitis caresses Ryanne gently.

Ryanne gives Alitis a warm, loving smile, and leans in to kiss him softly.

Alitis kisses Ryanne gently on the lips.

Alitis whispers to Ryanne, "You look like you're about to fall asleep soon."

Ryanne whispers to Alitis, "I could kiss you for days."

Ryanne blinks once, slowly, then collapses on the ground, suddenly
fallen into a deep sleep.

Ryanne slides out of a polished oak bar, waking her up as she crashes on
the ground.

Alitis coughs softly.

A disgusted groan escapes the lips of Ryanne Val'Sidos.

Ryanne opens her eyes and yawns mightily.

Ryanne stands up from the ground.

Ryanne takes a seat next to Alitis at a polished oak bar.

Alitis wraps his tail gently around Ryanne, affectionately pulling her
close.

Ryanne slips back into your lap and kisses you gently.

Alitis caresses Ryanne gently.

Ryanne whispers to Alitis, "Mm I'm glad I'm back with you."

Alitis nods his head.

Alitis whispers to Ryanne, "I find myself drawn by you as well..."

Ryanne blushes furiously.

Ryanne Val'Sidos says, in Ssylsin, "Really?"

Alitis nods his head affirmatively.

Ryanne Val'Sidos says, in Ssylsin, "How so."

Alitis whispers to Ryanne, "You are very alluring."

Alitis caresses Ryanne gently.

Alitis whispers to Ryanne, "Physically at least. Though I find myself
drawn by your kindness and openness as well."

Alitis's mouth turns up as his face breaks into a smile.

Ryanne whispers to Alitis, "I have nothing to hide from you love."

Alitis whispers to Ryanne, "Right, I'd actually like to learn some more
about you."

Ryanne whispers to Alitis, "Ask me anything you like."

Alitis ponders the situation.

Lord Alitis Valstivar asks, in Ssylsin, "Well, where are you from?"

Ryanne Val'Sidos says, in Ssylsin, "I'm not sure honestly."

Alitis tilts his head curiously.

Ryanne Val'Sidos says, in Ssylsin, "I remember nothing of my childhood,
though I think at one time I might have been a servant or slave of some
sort."

Alitis ponders the situation.

Lord Alitis Valstivar asks Ryanne, in Ssylsin, "So, what was your first
memory then?"

Ryanne holds out her right wrist, showing off the triple-stranded black
tattoo that snakes its way over her skin.

Ryanne Val'Sidos says, in Ssylsin, "Washing up on shore somewhere,
wandering for days and stumbling into the Empire."

Alitis nods his head.

Ryanne Val'Sidos says, in Ssylsin, "Kanthari found me."

Comprehension flashes across Alitis's face.

Lord Alitis Valstivar asks, in Ssylsin, "So he took you in and helped
you get fixed up?"

Ryanne nods her head.

Lord Alitis Valstivar says, in Ssylsin, "Though he didn't adopt you it
seems..."

Ryanne Val'Sidos says, in Ssylsin, "I became a Wytch, he was my mentor."

Ryanne Val'Sidos says, in Ssylsin, "I never looked at him that way."

Alitis nods his head.

Ryanne Val'Sidos says, in Ssylsin, "And it wasn't long after I met my
adoptive mother."

Lord Alitis Valstivar asks, in Ssylsin, "What caused you to decide to
join Sadeh's family?"

Ryanne Val'Sidos says, in Ssylsin, "I don't trust easy."

Ryanne Val'Sidos says, in Ssylsin, "And with Mum, it was instant comfort."

Ryanne Val'Sidos says, in Ssylsin, "And I met Alura, my sister and we
got along so famously that I jumped at having some place to belong."

Alitis's mouth turns up as his face breaks into a smile.

Lord Alitis Valstivar says, in Ssylsin, "Sounds like fate of a sort."

A ssylsin death dancer busies herself with checking her own personal
stock of drinks and delicacies.

Ryanne Val'Sidos says, in Ssylsin, "Between Mum and Kanthari, I played
covert and helped bring down the Wytchen."

"Heh heh heh," Alitis chuckles.

Ryanne Val'Sidos says, in Ssylsin, "Helped found the Limorasi and became
part of some of the first rituals."

Lord Alitis Valstivar smiles and says, in Ssylsin, "Well I'd say you did
a good job with that."

"Oh?" Ryanne exclaims quizzically.

Lord Alitis Valstivar says, in Ssylsin, "Well, the Wytchen are a dying
guild these days at least, and the founding of the Limorasi was the
catalyst to start this."

Ryanne Val'Sidos says, in Ssylsin, "I was very proud of it."

Alitis nods his head.

Lord Alitis Valstivar says, in Ssylsin, "Good."

Ryanne kisses Alitis gently on the lips.

Alitis kisses Ryanne gently on the lips.

Ryanne strokes Alitis tenderly.

Ryanne Val'Sidos says, in Ssylsin, "What else."

Ryanne grins mischievously.

Alitis ponders the situation.

You gag on the stench emanating from Alitis's rotting flesh.

Lord Alitis Valstivar says, in Ssylsin, "Well, I guess you would class
your greatest achievement as being the formation of the Limorasi."

Ryanne Val'Sidos says, in Ssylsin, "Well I've certainly failed in the
personal department."

Ryanne Val'Sidos says, in Ssylsin, "A couple failed engagements, no
children."

Ryanne Val'Sidos says, in Ssylsin, "I'm ashamed to admit I once left the
Empire."

Lord Alitis Valstivar says, in Ssylsin, "It's alright, I've done the
same thing."

Ryanne kisses Alitis gently on the lips.

Alitis gives Ryanne a warm, loving smile, and leans in to kiss her softly.

Ryanne smiles softly, nodding at Alitis.

Ryanne inches bashfully over to Alitis and nuzzles him tenderly.

Alitis caresses Ryanne gently.

Lord Alitis Valstivar asks, in Ssylsin, "Wait, where were we again?"

Alitis ponders the situation.

Lord Alitis Valstivar asks, in Ssylsin, "Well, I guess my next question
is, what do you hope to accomplish in your life?"


Alitis wraps his tail gently around Ryanne, affectionately pulling her
close.

Ryanne Val'Sidos says, in Ssylsin, "Honestly I wish I knew, I've always
struggled with finding something that fits."

Ryanne Val'Sidos says, in Ssylsin, "I kno I'd like a family."

Alitis's mouth turns up as his face breaks into a smile.

Lord Alitis Valstivar says, in Ssylsin, "A family would be nice..."

Ryanne kisses Alitis gently on the lips.

You gag on the stench emanating from Alitis's rotting flesh.

Alitis kisses Ryanne gently on the lips.

Ryanne whispers to Alitis, "Have I scared you off yet?"

You gag on the stench emanating from Alitis's rotting flesh.

Ryanne grins mischievously.

Alitis grins mischievously.

Alitis whispers to Ryanne, "Honestly, I am wanting to start a family of
my own..."

Ryanne whispers to Alitis, "Lets go work on that."

Ryanne winks at Alitis.

"Heh heh heh," Alitis chuckles.

Ryanne whispers to Alitis, "We'll make many little snakey babies."

Alitis grins mischievously.
