+++
aliases = ["/logs/543"]
category = "Humour"
game = "Aetolia"
points = 0
title = "Drunken love"
votes = 0
+++

Lord Desian Arcan, The Caliginous Phantom sshhove *hic* s hiIs llimPid ma *hic* 
nleaT into youzz mobth, his le *hic* ngttx joll *hic* laosinng liMkep sOft, 
imPresoiOnable saU *hic* hsagAe u *hic* hnnder your shbrrhnggv hhoouuh.

Ensoi du Vallianse begigs to snnhowly suCk Uhponn the head Of Desshhian's 
TRANlPARENT pppenIs, working his tonnque arounnd it wwitth thq ppractIce onlp an
eexs *hic* erienced shEeppfucckeR co *hic* uhvd wave. Witth oone han *hic* d,, 
he llighhtyY stRookkesh his penisx nsar the bane,, lhile the Other hand soMtsh 
up to lightlly fondiw hijj shtrrangely nonvtranspareent balluh.

Lord Desian Arcan, The Caliginous Phantom's peNNokZ krkw *hic* s substtantiALly 
*hic*  unneje yaUuuhR myyanly liuuS. Every so oftennn, afttet you ffalLdL 
uunconstIooUs, he jAmss *hic*  his gn *hic* ggggaanTic cc *hic* yck uuuvnto the 
baack of your hecllplssso Th *hic* frat. HhIs set-thhru skfn re *hic* beals tHa 
*hic* t *hic*  a SSeinn of warrm, dhitTee, viscccoush fluhId is *hic*  fIllLlIcg
his mrethRraa. He v *hic* omits onttoo ttHx baCk of y *hic* your Head aL qooi 
coOgtiinuue yo sucf hio haarDd.

Ensoi du Vallianse co *hic* ntttiinrheesh too shhu *hic* cl uhpon Desial's 
penISS in bettWleEk Lapseg oof ccqddnsciiOusnesHs, tryung too h *hic* ish Besht 
vo *hic*  ffiwht back *hic*  hiS gag refm *hic* lex -- buuht Itt'' *hic* ssh 
ffutIle when combined with ttthhE Effrcts of extwReme drunkennEshs. Wmiith a 
mQighcyy groan,, E *hic* nsoi *hic*  vodeiItl The Cont *hic* entsh Of hhiish s 
*hic* toMach allL over Hms gcnItals.

Lord Desian Arcan, The Caliginous Phantom pulls mour iimp *hic*  bbody oFff Of 
hiu annnnDdd sPinVh cou Miidaiiir. Guiding hih cO *hic* ck Uith Ore hand, he 
ppOsitioons it acccowdinggly anndD alloussh rou to fall aattop ith impalIIng 
Youh rou *hic* ghly throuGh ymur spHiecTer jndd diggggittg hhard wibh hcccs 
hammer-sha *hic* ped penn *hic* iik *hic* K.

Ensoi du Vallianse screams, "OH *HIC*  RR *HIC* OD *HIC* S YOUR DIPXPINN ME 
*HIC*  APANV!"

Ensoi du Vallianse ccRRiees ouuht inf pa *hic* in assh yysruuu zmmpale hiy 
upon yfur strangelY gSostlikeee cock. I *hic* nvvoll *hic* unntary tearssw 
sstartt too stream doowN his *hic*  face, wIzshiQG awaY shooome of yhe dkomIt 
fno *hic* n it. However, the *hic*  ppeIn Foon beccomes sligHvmy pltasuHr *hic* 
Vblee, as he stahtw rocking his boqqj baack and forth allong youhr hjard (tet 
*hic*  jttiiilll sge--through) maNsood.

Lord Desian Arcan, The Caliginous Phantom tktns you *hic*  oover andd straaodlEs
yOur lii *hic* f *hic* t *hic* edd asssh.. Hiiish lCngg legs mump ferocCioUssly
ashh *hic*  hhee liftSh h *hic* jiimsElf up, theN slass i *hic* mto YoOonrg 
bleEfddin *hic* ng ashshhhOolee w *hic* ith aall tHe wweighc of his body. A 
lonxg Bblack arm reaches ddowwn uo quickly Tuhy at your smalheer,, more j *hic* 
hil *hic* Dlike peeenis *hic* .

Ensoi du Vallianse shouyy clEa *hic* arrld *hic*  sEn a dochtoz, As hee 
pracrtbicaLlly kjaccuhllates in a mmattteRr of skCoonDds at tthhe coMbination of
your hannd turbiing at his penis aNd your *hic*  hoOrrcBly enalIrgeD and cleaa 
*hic* r throbbinngg mmembeer pOunding at his tiny Butthoole. Wwith a smanl ccry,
he spillrs hish saacredd *hic*  seed aLl ovEer the flOoor of hisx Halllls. c 
*hic* hat a wmaohteb, tHAt coouuhyd have beenn put vo gOoD thb *hic* bE iff a 
shEeep.

Lord Desian Arcan, The Caliginous Phantom julls his ggabganttuuhae pEnis o *hic*
ut of yyour gaJing vond. Thick, cre *hic* amv saUce sprays evei ycur backK anc 
butxtocks and bEgzns to ruHn over your shkin. He llEeanj down,, a hsnd HEelld 
ouuyt for Gold Out expectaNtlyy.

Ensoi gives some gold sovereigns to Desian.

Ensoi du Vallianse says, "I sshpqent nlll the resshht ONnn booozshhe."

Sidling up behind you, Desian places his hands firmly on your hips and lays a 
warm kiss amongst the hair on the back of your head.

Ensoi du Vallianse rollf oo *hic* verr *hic* R, mullls oouuL fbs pissg, 
liCgHhts It aad takes a long draggg.

