+++
title = '#achaea Fuwa’s guide to class survival 101'
intro = "I found this in a [random pastebin](https://pastebin.com/P3V0B9YD) and loved it, so useful … couldn't get a hold of it but …"
game = ['Achaea']
draft = true
+++

Welcome to Fuwa's guide- dictated but not written- to class survival 101. The point of this guide is to teach you what you can expect from a variety of classes, and what to do about various kill paths. This is not an end-all guide as combat is an ever-evolving art and science both, and new kills or variants of pre-existing kills are a definite certainty. What this guide is however, is a starting point to equip you with enough defensive knowledge to understand how to avoid death. Be mindful, every counter has its own counter, and you will most assuredly need to think on your feet against a highly skilled opponent.

## Air Lord

To understand how to survive an air lord, you have to understand how their affliction delivery works. Their attacks deliver a single affliction and further delivers additional afflictions automatically. You stop the automatic delivery of afflictions by curing the original affliction, though that affliction itself will relapse before the relapsing stops. The air lord will cycle through three different sets of relapsing afflictions with little care as to which stick, as they're purely playing a numbers game. Each set of relapsing afflictions ends on a debilitating effect. If you're hit by relapsing zephyr and you have manaleech plus deadening, you get a blackout. If scour relapses and you already have disloyalty, you're stunned and knocked off balance. If strangle relapses and you already have deadening, you'll be knocked off equilibrium.

Air lords have one commonly used kill, and one kill you shouldn't be getting hit by. We'll start with the latter, Skyhammer. If you're in the skies above an air elemental, they can deal critical damage to you, and finish you off on their next attack. If you observe an air lord delivering the tension affliction, do your best to leave the room and ideally get indoors. In the event they get you airborne, use CURING PRIOAFF TENSION so you can LAND, as the function of the tension affliction is to prevent you from landing. There exists an offshoot of this kill where the air lord will use updraft to damage you instead, which can be equally lethal if suffering from the pressure affliction, and is solved the same way.

Air's more common staple kill is to stack pressure and instantly kill you once you have 6 stacks or more. Pressure is incremented by 1, 2, or 3 at the most depending on how many smoke cured afflictions you're suffering from. Do not cure pressure over other smokeables, instead prioritizing manaleech first, then deadening, then disloyalty, unless disloyalty might heavily disrupt your kill strategy. This slows the air lord down enough to muster your own offense, ideally leaning towards hinder. Do not allow the air lord to have both manaleech and deadening on you concurrently, as this spells certain doom. Use of icewalls and mobility to evade the elemental is key if you fall behind. Do not stay in the same room as an air lord if you've fallen behind on curing, as not only will they be able to stack 6 pressure in only 2 balances if you have 3 smoking afflictions on you, but they will be able to deliver stuns, disrupts, and blackouts whenever their afflictions relapse, meaning at no balance cost to them. 

This class is fast, and the pressure affliction can make moving extremely difficult. Momentum classes should devise a kill path with a bias towards slowing the opponent down or killing them in less than 14 seconds. If you're able to break legs, do not hesitate to break one and prone the air lord purely to slow them down. This class builds momentum quickly, but can lose it quickly as well.

## Alchemist <small class="text-muted">Formulation</small>

This class can kill you in a lot of ways so let's not waste any time. As an introduction, you should never reflexively cure tempers. Why? Let's do some math together. At 0.0 seconds into the fight, you will be hit with paralysis and a temper. If you cure paralysis at 0.0 seconds, the temper cure takes place at 1.5 seconds, and the alchemist's next balance is at 1.6 seconds, hitting you with another paralysis temper. Now you can't do anything for 1.4 seconds. Imagine this throughout an entire fight. It gets hard to do anything. You should get used to CURING QUEUE ADD GINGER to manually cure tempers. Rule of thumb is that you are either attacking the alchemist or curing tempers, preferably curing while the alchemist isn't in the same room as you. An advanced technique would be to cure a temper every time you manage to land some hinder that will afford you enough time to dodge being hindered yourself by paralysis.

For the actual kills, the most common is aurify. The alchemist will get 3 or 4 temperedsanguine affliction stacks on you depending on your mana, and 5 choleric stacks. They will then inundate your sanguine humour, causing bleeding, expecting you to clot, and then they will inundate your choleric and aurify you, expecting this to bring your health below 60%, and hoping that your mana is below 60% as well. If both are below 60%, you die. This is solved by not clotting below 65% mana. CURING MANATHRESHOLD 65 accomplishes this, and if they get cheeky, CURING CLOTHEALTH 65 prevents you from clotting your health away while under their corruption affliction, which causes clotting to cost health, and bleeding to drain mana.

An only slightly less common kill is their lock, where you will be given 2 stacks of sanguine, and 6 to 8 stacks of phlegmatic. If your class's curing ability is blocked by weariness, expect 8. The alchemist will further telegraph by switching to paralysis plus impatience truewracks when nearing the kill. You can attempt CURING PRIOAFF IMPATIENCE while you do your best to evade the alchemist so you can afford to cure tempers. Many alchemists are held up by the crutch of most of their kills being simple, and won't have bothered to equip themselves to deliver non-paralysis afflictions if you're suffering from paralysis, but never assume the alchemist you're fighting is one of these lazier fighters. Just enjoy the easy escape if they are.

The alchemist damage kill is exactly the same as the lock, but instead you'll have 2 sanguine and 8 choleric, and you're going to CURING PRIOAFF SENSITIVITY when you see it. Same concept entirely, except this kill deals more damage than you have health, with little exception. If you're able to  have more current health than max health through unequipping artefacts or overhealing, do so.

They also have a sanguine only version of the above two kills, where you'll just cure haemophilia and be done with it. Their true final kill however involves concussion bombs and a bit of luck. It's purely a roll of the dice, but an alchemist can inundate and throw a bomb on the same balance, targeting your melancholic humour to drain mana. They will then hope to regain balance from the stun faster than you are able to, and aurify you in combination with a choleric inundate. At the time of writing this, no active alchemist is using this kill. 

## Alchemist <small class="text-muted">Sublimation</small>

Your guess is as good as mine ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

## Apostate

The first of two curseward classes. That means your shield tattoo is useless here, and your attempts to stall must be done with the curseward ability. It functions just like a shield, but for classes who can afflict through shields. This class is also highly susceptible to the clumsiness affliction (xentio venom) which can reduce their affliction output by a non-trivial amount. Curseward plus clumsy helps immensely in a pinch.

The primary method by which an apostate will attempt to slay you is by draining your mana, but they often try locking you in the process, so we'll observe this as being the same kill. Your opponent will be combining afflictions delivered two at a time with mana draining or supportive actions from their pet baalzadeen. Prioritize mana against an apostate, but do not neglect to switch to health or rely on healing abilities if they begin to target your health. The logic  here is simple: you die at 50% mana, or 0% health. The mana kill is called catharsis and can be performed while the apostate is proned, so expending leg prep for prone hinder while below 50% mana will not save you. For the afflictions, your curseward is best used when the apostate has given asthma, as they need the smokeable aff manaleech to lock you. No asthma means no manaleech, so consider combining your curseward usage with CURING PRIOAFF ASTHMA. Be mindful, they will give early impatience which halves mana recovery from mana elixir sips. If you dodge enough apostate locks, you're still at risk of suffering from a great many non-locking afflictions, leaving you vulnerable to their CORRUPT ability. This will deal damage proportionate to the amount of afflictions you're suffering from, so try your best not to get stacked.

Be mindful of apostate's ability to impale you while you are standing. There is a delay between them commanding their daegger to impale you and the impale actually happening, during which you may escape the room. Be mindful not to challenge gravehands too much, as failing to escape twice in a row is all the apostate needs in order to put you in a very bad spot. Ideally you'll tumble over a wall.

Apostates have two other kills which are less frequently seen, one of which is a rarity without a lock, but not impossible with sufficient creativity on the apostate's part. If your arms and legs are all suffering from level 1 breaks, they can end you immediately. Use of the RESTORE ability here is vital, and if an especially tricky apostate manages to give you a level 2 limb break, or perhaps several, only apply restoration salve while you have the RESTORE ability available, meaning only while on equilibrium balance. 

The final kill for this versatile opponent is a simple channeled kill where the apostate must cease all actions while preparing to take your life. This can be interrupted via paralysis, prone, or binding of any level. Try not to take this kill lightly however, as failing to respond to it properly results in a death manages to feel worse than most.

## Bard

Bards are a unique and often frustrating case for a lot of combatants regardless of skill level. Surviving a bard can often feel impossible unless you have a specific plan tailored for this class. They will almost always kill you with a lock, or with damage while attempting a lock.

We'll start with the momentum lock, as it's the most common. This is simple from your perspective, as it just looks like a torrent of afflictions rushing in. Rule of thumb is that if you've stayed long enough in the same room as the bard to have impatience and asthma stuck, you've stayed too long. Bards are gated rather harshly in their ability to seal locks, and so quick use of CURING PRIOAFF ASTHMA to get rebounding back up and abuse the fact that a bard cannot deliver asthma and slickness in the same balance is your best bet for buying time, a rare instance where asthma above paralysis for a single eat is advantageous. An above-average impatience priority helps buy a minuscule amount of time as bards can only give this every 2.5 seconds at the very fastest, but running is your best bet. If you're a momentum class, you'll ideally lure the bard off of their harmonics, which are passive effects that make killing you far simpler for the bard. If the bard refuses to move, you're going to have to devise a route focusing on heavy hinder which can pivot into a quick kill, but know that racing a bard is more often than not going to result in a loss. Prep classes will need to rely on slowprep or expending prep for hinder where possible, abusing the bard's reliance on harmonics and lack of movement hinder.

The alternative salve lock is much the same from your perspective, but the bard will be prepping a limb in order to get you to expend salve balance for 4 seconds. In these 4 seconds, the bard closes the lock with ease. You may think to simply hold your salve apply, but seeing as if you've had a break you're probably prone, you've still overextended and likely lost. The only scenario in which one holds their apply is to make sure to cure impatience before going off salve balance, complicating the execution of this lock. Good parrying here is critical, ideally parrying the last leg they've hit or a random leg each balance to maximize the amount of time you buy yourself. You can try to get the bard off count using dustbombs for blackout, or predicting the break and tumbling right before it happens to end up in a room without harmonics, though be prepared to get hit by a high damage lunge, and do this early enough so as not to have your tumble canceled. The same idea applies however: if you've stayed long enough to have impatience and asthma, you need to get out. Fights against bards are about beating them at their own game- highly unlikely- or turning the fight into a slow burn.

## Blademaster

This is a class that can get away from you and slowprep you with ease. Before even thwarting their kills, one needs to be able to adapt to their mobility. Chasing a blademaster is critical because their slowprep is extremely safe and their executions are especially reliable. Blademasters can hide the direction from which they left using EVADE, which you're going to want to counter with star sigils. These will tell you which way they went. They'll also often try to highleap, which is where you'll want to be able to quickly identify this and bring them back to the ground. A blademaster can also dash, which does nullify certain movement hinder, but can be stopped by sticking weariness.

The major factor in why you want to kill the blademaster before they're able to get you on the ground is because of how oppressively reliable their kill paths are. Parrying a random leg each balance might slow them down until they manage to disable your parry completely with airfist, at which point you should try to finish the fight in a hurry or run away.

How the blademaster is going to kill you is telegraphed in their break sequence. If they break both arms, get out in a hurry, either by tumbling over a wall or running out before your legs are broken, as their deathstrike channeled kill cancels tumble if both your arms are broken. Thankfully this tumble cancel happens half way through deathstrike's channel, and tumble will beat that, narrowly. If only a single arm is broken however, it's advisable to simply ignore it, and mitigate their damage in between restoration applies to the legs by curing burning or shivering, as these increase their damage dramatically, just remember to cure your arm once you're standing. If the blademaster only breaks your legs, cure them in a hurry and only tumble if they've hit you with the flamefist affliction, as this telegraphs a damage kill. On the other hand, if both your legs are broken and they've not delivered flamefist, this indicates the impale route where 650 bleeding spells your death. The key here is that you have 0.6 seconds between standing up and the blademaster executing you, where your only option is to run away as best you can while prioritizing mana. This of course only applies if you are not suffering from internal bleeding at the time of the kill sequence being initiated. If there is ever a point where you've been afflicted with internal bleeding before a limb is broken, run, and do not fight the blademaster for even a single balance until the affliction departs naturally. The truly terrifying part of all this is that the blademaster can mix and match these sequences, fluidly adapting to your curing, so prepare for a hectic dozen seconds of trying to survive.
 
In the event you do fall prone while already afflicted with internal bleeding, your survival hinges on prioritizing mana, and whether or not you have a secondary means of restoring mana or reducing mana cost.

## Depthswalker

Depthswalkers are going to be the first major snowball class we'll be looking at, which means they start off slowly, but allowing the engagement to continue too long guarantees an overwhelming and at points insurmountable amount of afflictions. As such, there are key snowballing afflictions you're going to want to watch out for.

Depthswalkers are fluid, and can switch from one kill to any other as they please, thus one must know which afflictions do what, as they have multiple exclusive ones. Parasite grants the depthswalker ALL of your natural regeneraiton, though not sip recovery, and signals that they will next afflict with healthleech, and then seize your shadow which they can use to cause often insurmountable damage to you. Pressure a depthswalker early if you are a momentum class, and insure that if they do get your shadow, which can take as little as 6 balances, about 12 seconds, you should be nearing the completion of your own kill. For prep, you have the advantage of being able to shield without losing progress, and should be using your shield tattoo upon suffering from parasite, and spamming it if you ever get healthleech. Note that they can only deal this catastrophic damage if you are attuned and they have your shadow and you're suffering from clumsiness and weariness simultaneously.

The application of parasite could also signal another kill however, though not as commonly. The depthswalker can stick shadowmadness and depression- more on those later- and begin attacking with retribution, a scythe enchantment that drains mana based on how many of depthswalker's exclusive afflictions you suffer from. With only three of retribution, parasite, shadowmadness, and depression, the mana drain is worrysome but not overwhelming. With all four however, it will quickly bring you below 60% mana, which is their instant kill condition. Note that normally you must be below 40% mana to be instantly killed in this way, but each exclusive affliction listed above raises the threshold by 5%, and so urgent curing of these, namely leech and one of depression or shadowmadness, or ideally both, is critical while shielding.

While parasite and retribution exist moreso as afflictions which enable kill conditions, shadowmadness and depression themselves are kill conditions together. Madness will begin periodically spawning mental afflictions into your mind, and depression causes damage each time any non-stupidity mental affliction influences you, such as a phobia causing you to attempt fleeing, or masochism causing you to hit yourself. This passive affliction income is made worse when they deliver hypochondria, another passive ssource of afflictions, at which point you must make a decision to attempt finishing your kill path, slaying the depthswalker, or shielding and/or hindering to the best of your ability until both hypchondria and shadowmadness are gone. As both health and mana are damaged by this path, nobody survives this indefinitely, so whichever decision you make, make it fast and commit.

The next affliction we need to touch upon is timeloop. A depthswalker attack will usually give two afflictions, one from their scythe enchantment and one from their chosen venom. If you are suffering from timeloop, they will give you two afflictions from their scythe enchantment and one venom affliction, which can get brutal in only a couple attacks. Treat timeloop like paralysis, as they only have one gated means of giving both paralysis and timeloop in the same attack, and some quick hinder or shielding mitigates them doing this. Do not use CURING PRIOAFF while suffering from timeloop, as you will be afflicted with whatever you tried to cure and more, making negative curing progress.

While a quick offense or the ability to take breaks in between attacking without losing progress do threaten a depthswalker, what cripples them the most is an offense consisting of clumsiness and some form of hinder. If you are capable of giving clumsiness and keeping it on them, do so, and if you're able to give the combination paralysis and slickness while the target has asthma, do so. Early leg breaks to keep them prone also prevent the snowball from rolling. 

## Dragon

Deceptively versatile for having only one skill set instead of three, dragons can take a little and go a long way with it. Threatening two or even occasionally three different kills at the same time, it becomes important to catch on to which kill the dragon is telegraphing so you can react quickly, because sometimes survival comes down to reacting in less than a second.

Break points are easy with dragons: four hits is a break, always. There is not a single exception where the dragon will need 3 or 5 hits to break if it's a one-on-one scenario. This said, you can count hits to know exactly where a dragon is in their offense to parry better and slow them down. Most dragons follow a pattern of prepping both legs, torso, and sometimes one arm. What slows them down most is parrying a random leg, static torso, or static whichever arm they're fond of. Dragons have a parry bypass that allows them to expend equilibrium and- following a delay- hit your parried limb twice at the very most before having to disable parry again. You want to force them to use this parry bypass, called Enmesh, as much as possible. 

Surviving a dragon if the fight lasts long enough for them to prep you varies depending on what was prepped. If both legs are prepped, it's pointless to keep your parry there, so parry torso. If torso is prepped and they're hitting an arm, parry that arm. Breaking torso and both legs telegraphs a bite kill, where they'll deal tremendous damage per bite so long as your torso is broken. Most people can survive one, some people can survive two, but surviving three is as unlikely as them landing three so long as you tumble over an icewall.

What might enable three bites landing is poor management of breaks and tumbling during their next kill: devour. This one starts with an arm break, which you should ignore at the point of breaking, instead focusing on your legs if they're breaking torso last, or torso otherwise. If you're prone, this kill is sped up based on how many broken limbs you're suffering from, with torso speeding it up more than the other limbs. If this kill is sped up to require 6 seconds or less, it becomes unstoppable by any means besides leaving the room. Paralysis won't stop it, prone won't stop it, and bindings won't stop it. Nothing will stop it. Tumble over an icewall as you see the arm break whether or not you're curing your arm. At this point they can pursue the devour, or transition into torso, leg, leg breaks for a normal bite sequence. If you have any access to prone hinder or health healing, use it before devouring or biting starts.

You might run into a cheeky dragon who wants to try to lock you, but frankly, just stick to the parry plan and there's nothing to worry about. Dragons cannot keep up momentum if forced to Enmesh. If a dragon really wants to lock you, shield once if they stick impatience and are trying to stick asthma, and there isn't much they can do.

## Druid

At the time of writing this guide, druid is in a place where a great many fighters of all skill levels agree surviving it is oppressive and often feels completely impossible. There is no way to one hundred percent guarantee your survival, but there are ways to make it more favorable than certain death. Just never feel bad about dying to this class, as it could definitely be in a healthier place in terms of counter strategies.

That said, let's look at the most survivable kill, though unfortunately the one you'll see the least. If you're frozen, the druid can deal colossal damage to you, killing you quickly. Just cure shivering and freezing over leg breaks, get your caloric salve back up, and then patch a leg up. You may have to repeat this for the second leg. 

Infinitely more probable is the embrace kill. If all four of your limbs are suffering from level 2 breaks, the druid can kill you instantly so long as they are standing on their summoned vines. Four level 2 breaks may sound like a lot to ask, and if it were any other class you'd be right, but to a druid this is trivial to accomplish, and can be done even without perfect efficiency. The first embrace path is the dry embrace, which does not feature prone. Just fly or walk away from this one if the druid doesn't recall to use epseth. This one is the laziest of druid kills and you can hobble off to safety in a lot of cases. Tumbling over an icewall works if you can preempt the break sequence.

But druids have a far stronger setup: the the prone embrace, where-in the hydra will restore your hearing with a prefarar hydra bite and also hydra bind you, then use a roar to prone in order to gain an insurmountable advantage. This MUST be answered with a pre-apply, ideally 2.4 seconds after your hearing gets restored, but absolutely before 2.45 seconds. You can apply caloric to either your arms or legs at 1.4 seconds, then restoration at 2.4 seconds to your legs if you applied caloric to arms, or arms if you applied caloric to legs. This is to keep the druid guessing so they can't know for sure which limb they need to shatter for a quick re-break. If they guess wrong, you've survived. Tumbling over an icewall helps in the event they chose the correct limb to shatter.

Surviving these kills is incredibly difficult, so preventing the break sequence is going to be a primary objective. Move your parry, a lot. If they're prepping arms, parry a random arm, choosing randomly between left and right every single balance, and the same goes for legs. Keep your parry unpredictable even if you can't predict it yourself, and ideally this will slow them down enough to win before the above sequences are ready to be executed. 

## Earth Lord

The simplicity of surviving Earth Lord is betrayed by the sheer urgency and efficiency one has to adopt in order to pull it off. The Earth Lord has three kills, two of which flow dangerously into one-another, the other being more an exercise in managing the understandable panic it may evoke.

Regardless of kill, the rule of fighting an earth lord is to CURING QUEUE ADD RESTORATION TO LEGS when they hit your leg, but NEVER apply to legs at the instance of them breaking. When your legs break, you wait for either your head or torso to break and cure that, as having a mangled head and calcified head at the same time is instant death, while having a calcified torso with mild internal trauma will result in a mangled torso, enabling a brutal damage route. Keep in mind that calcify has a delay in between being applied and taking effect, so do not panic, just keep curing until the head and/or torso breaks are gone, then go ahead and heal your legs. Tumbling over an icewall adds a bit of leniency to this, so make sure you have an icewall ring ready. 

The next kill is weird, because a lot of people just don't know how to get themselves out of it as it's a unique scenario. An Earth Lord can break a single leg and prone you, then bury you underground. BURROW ABOVE will be your escape plan, and don't forget that you CAN still cure while buried. 

## Fire Lord

For such a neglected class, Fire Lord can feel utterly brutal to survive due to its ease of keeping someone clumsy while setting up its kill condition. The Fire Lord wants to race you to a kill while making it difficult for most classes to win said race. 

Fire Lords will brand you with the mark of their patron, Kkractle, and every time you take damage from one of their attacks, the mark will gain in power. Every time you sip health the mark will regress in power. The first use of this mark will be to remove your frost defense after a few balances of attacking you with damaging paralysis clumsiness attacks. The amount of damage the Fire Lord can deal to you with no frost defense on you is jaw-dropping, and it's at this point you must make a decision. Either you do everything in your power to escape the elemental, or you kill it. Prep classes have the luxury of being able to avoid having frost stripped at all, while most momentum classes will have to pray they are able to hit the Fire Lord in spite of their clumsiness affliction. On top of now doing considerably more damage, the firelord will be aiming to stick sensitivity while they power up another brand. This next brand will be detonated while you have sensitivity active, usually with some pre-damage on you. This explosion is terrifying not only for the damage you'll suffer, but because it does not consume balance, allowing them to chain this with nova. Nova kills you outright at 30% health, or 40% if you have sensitivity, which you will.

Defending against a Fire Lord means going on the offensive hard with your fastest reliable kill, and hoping you don't miss so much that you're outpaced. Escape BEFORE frost is stripped if you're having bad luck hitting them. Because of the nature of their brand, hinder must be very consistent to slow them down at all, seeing as you only get to diminish the brand every 4 seconds. If you simply do not have access to a fast kill, use limb breaks or non-clumsy hinder, as clumsiness does not affect them in the slightest. Classes with non-gated access to paralysis slickness while the opponent has asthma will be relying on this a great deal. Important to note: this elemental has one of the strongest curing abilities in recorded history, only stopped by prone. If you're hindering the class with afflictions, prone is as critical as the hinder itself, and locking them requires prone.

It's worth noting for two reasons why you should not shield while lacking the frost defense. For one, their shield break on vulnerable targets is overwhelmingly fast and strengthens the brand. The second reason is because if you're not transcendent in thermology or have a fire resist ring, or in some cases even if you have both, the Fire Lord can begin charging a beam of pure heat which can kill you outright and goes through shields and prismatic barriers.

## Jester

Fighting a jester will put you on a time limit. If they are able to get a well fashioned puppet against you, the kills can feel impossible to survive, and in some cases are if you don't take preventative measures. Jesters can either fashion a puppet by hand, or more effectively throw axes with hidden afflictions in order to use Gallowshumour. This ability gives them 2 fashions per affliction on you, but needs 2 afflictions to activate and so they gain a minimum of 4. Tricky jesters will use voyria, selarnia, and itchpowder, all of which will need to be diagnosed, so stay on top of that or use CURING PREDICT liberally. If you're hit with an axe and see no affliction come from it, they're attempting this Gallowshumour technique.

But a jester can certainly threaten you before even fashioning a puppet. You will very likely be tested at the very start of the match to see if you can dodge an aeon lock. The jester might use blackout to strip speed, and so always check your DEFenses AND diagnose yourself during blackout. Additionally they can roll the dice on stunning you with a mouse while stripping speed, hopping to recover faster from the stun than you can and hit you with aeon that way. Regardless of tactic, in the event you get hit with aeon CURING AEONCOMMAND TOUCH SHIELD is your ticket to stopping the attempt. Once you're shielded, the jester cannot complete the lock properly so long as you cure asthma, their shield break is simply too slow.

A jester with a moderately fashioned puppet can try to be cheeky and stick hidden confusion on you during a sequence of breaks. If the jester is not in the same room and you're hit by blackout, diagnose every chance you get in order to stay aware of what's happening. They could stick confusion, then get level one breaks on all your limbs in a single attack with puppet cripple, and then force you to use the restore ability. With confusion, this leaves you prone and immobile long enough to behead you. One can CURING PREDICT CONFUSION 1.85 seconds after being hit with cripple as a safe bet, but do keep diagnosing. You can also continuously writhe in order to be off balance when they command you to use restore, thwarting this kill as well.

Now things get trickier, as a better fashioned puppet can do the above aeon lock strategies with the advantage of mangling your legs and crippling you for a prone, making it impossible to touch your shield tattoo. The very instant they begin their mangle sequence, you need to get over a wall, and possibly tumble further away from them immediately after just for good measure. This lock is especially tight to complete, but if they do get it started and you have asthma and aeon at the same time, keep trying to eat for asthma while you still can.

An even better fashioned puppet is almost certain death. The jester will perform similarly to the above, where they will break your limbs and prone you. The catch here is that the jester will also give you the tonguetied affliction, which is this fork's tell. If you apply to your legs, the jester is free to apply stuttering, where-in if you talk or are tickled through a puppet, the jester will memorize your tongue's movements. Four instances of memorization allows the jester to kill you outright. The very instant you're hit with cripple, tumble over an icewall to buy precious seconds. Stopping this path means curing tonguetied, but if you prioritize that over leg applies, the jester will mangle both your arms and likely a leg again in order to begin the process of riftlocking you, which requires only addiction, sometimes weariness if you have access to the fitness ability, asthma, and slickness. No anorexia because you won't have herbs out thanks to addiction, and you cannot access your rift seeing as both your arms are broken. The easiest way to navigate this double threat is to fake apply to head or legs before beginning to actually cure, preferably fake applying mending or caloric to the legs because applying restoration to your head to thwart the stuttering path is much easier than mitigating a riftlock. To manage the rift lock however, just hold salve balance until they break an arm, at which point you'll be able to use the restore ability to fix your crippled limb before the riftlock starts. This final case is incredibly difficult to survive and some jesters will see through any pattern you may adopt. Do your utmost to kill them before it gets to this point.

## Knights

Because all knights share the weaponmastery skill, they're all getting lumped together with notes about how each can use the different specs.

### Dual Cutting <small class="text-muted">DWC</small>

This spec features fast limb prep where proper parrying of a random leg often sees the best results in terms of extra seconds bought. They bypass parrying with the nausea affliction, and will be using many instances of paralysis slickness while you suffer from asthma, giving you only a 50% chance to cure paralysis, which also prevents parry. Stopping this class will require careful attention to how many times they've hit your torso. Knowing your own breakpoint is critical because you need to apply to the torso immediately as it breaks, which you will not be alerted to. Disembowelment while suffering from a torso break and sensitivity will finish off the overwhelming majority of people, though only a broken torso will still kill most of that majority. While prepping, they may try to stick slickness on you with a paralysis and slickness 50/50, and then give you anorexia and a mental affliction for another 50/50 in which you can potentially end up still unable to eat. Shield, tree, active cure, leave the room, just do not let the knight apply additional mentals, because a failed 50% chance quickly turns into a 33% chance, and only gets worse from there. 

Dual cutting knights also have access to a third kill, wherein they will break your arm while giving addiction, break the other one the same way, then give you asthma slickness. As both arms are broken, you cannot access your rift, and you've eaten all your curatives because of addiction. Tumbling over an icewall here helps if you can do it as they break the first arm, and running if they haven't broken a leg first helps too. 

Runewardens of this spec will likely either apply a great deal of bleeding, or supplement focuslocks with freezing. While these increase pressure, they are not themselves kill routes.

Infernals may make use of quick breaks in order to break one leg after the other, delivering epteth both times in order to give level one breaks to your arms. This is a vivisect and requires you to have 4 broken limbs, level 1 or higher. The key to surviving this is to only apply restoration salve while you're on EQ so you can use the RESTORE skill, instead applying mending only until EQ is back. This does take a long time though, and the infernal can still disembowel at any point. 

Paladins will use this spec's access to asthma and kelp stacking to stick hellsight, an affliction which itself delivers yet more afflictions. If you have a broken head and  hellsight, you are open to the damnation kill. CURING PRIOAFF ASTHMA will only get you so far, so hinder them with clumsy or other means of reducing their ability to stack kelp afflictions so curing asthma is less of a dice roll. Hellsight is cured by smoking and thus curing asthma thwarts this. If they don't break a leg in the process, spamming shield only makes their job harder.

### Dual Blunt <small class="text-muted">DWB</small>

This spec doesn't benefit paladins, so we'll talk runewarden and infernal.

The objective of this class is simple. It wants to disable your parry which it can do trivially fast, and then it wants to prep very very fast. This class can break both your legs and keep them broken indefinitely if you don't have enough max health. Additionally they deal increased damage on a prone and broken opponent, making runewardens with their hugalaz runeflails a very real damage threat.  Alternatively they will prep your head and both legs, prone you, break your head, then instantly mangle your head. Do not cure your head first, they're happy to keep breaking it while you're on the ground. Have rebounding up if you're about to be proned, tumble over an icewall, and perhaps even pray. The head mangle kill is called pulp, and it takes a lot of practice to dodge every time.

Infernals can do this too, but what makes this class truly and utterly terrifying in infernal hands is that not only does this class prep insanely fast, but it can disable parry for great lengths of time, and break two limbs in one attack. It's unlikely you're going to be getting away from a quad limb setup against an infernal unless your tumble timing is impeccable, rebounding interrupts them, and you're able to use the above vivisect dodge strategy adjusted to be many times harder to accomplish.

### Sword and Shield <small class="text-muted">SnB</small>

Affectionately known as Sword and Board, this spec is similar to dual cutting but with far slower prep but much higher affliction threat. Against the DWC, a focuslock or softlock was rather straightforward to mitigate. Not so here. Sword and Shield knights will be throwing a lot of afflictions at you, can knock you off focus balance themselves, can stack kelp even better, have access to a stun, and if they're a runewarden they'll likely be freezing you to add another layer of hinder. The disembowel pressure is not so terrifying, but their ability to stall until they achieve the singular leg break they need to achieve a disembowel is a threat. Additionally, through all this hinder and potentially even a second leg break, a sword and shield knight can very realistically disembowel you three times in a row. 

Infernals here can still vivisect if they're very patient and infestation isn't giving you the mental afflictions they need to keep a focuslock going. They can also still kill you in all the ways above. Overall it's very rare for an infernal to take this spec, though it's not awful by any means.

Paladin on the other hand loves this sepc because of how easy it is to stick hellsight for passive affliction income. They hinder hard and require only a single head break to kill while threatening to keep you pinned down for so long you could realistically die to damage. The same applies as above. CURING PRIOAFF ASTHMA as necessary, hinder especially with clumsy if possible, and try not to get stacked too hard.

### Two-hander <small class="text-muted">2h</small>

The most different of all the specs because of its primary gimmick: fractures. Fractures are afflictions that can be applied to the head, the torso, the arms, or the legs. Each relapses its own affliction, with head, torso, and legs also having secondary effects. Head slows health sip balance and relapses nausea, making it critical to always parry head against a two-hander, unless you're incredibly sure damage won't be an issue. Torso reduces the health restored by sipping health and relapses sensitivity. Arms relapse lethargy, making them so powerful they don't need a secondary effect. Legs relapse clumsy and may hinder your movement. A secondary function of arm and leg fractures is to be converted directly into breaks without limb damage ever being a factor- though the class can still break limbs with limb damage- with 4 and 5 fractures turning into level 2 breaks for both arms or both legs, and 6 or higher mangling instead. They're going to break your torso, devastate your legs, and this buys them enough time to disembowel you. Be careful with tumble and make sure to track your own torso status. Know how many hits you break in, and apply restoration on the break without the need to stop and diagnose mid fight. Tumbling off an impale can cause you a great deal of damage, and can still result in death if the knight catches up to you with mountjump or other means of navigating an icewall. Overall, most cure skull fractures over leg fractures over torso fractures over arm fractures for safety, with an above-average lethargy priority to mitigate arm fractures being so low priority. Finally, it's important to be mindful that more proficient two-hander knights will capitalize on both fractures and limb damage, specifically to prone you early with a leg break to get access to your head, as prone disables parrying in all but one class-specific instance. Against momentum classes, this can reset your offense and force you to start over with a disadvantage, so plan an exit strategy and decide whether or not it would be mandatory for you to parry a leg or alternate randomly between them. Skull fractures do speed up killing you, but sometimes you just have to take risks.

When it comes to runewardens, this spec will be able to deal even more damage than normal thanks to runes, and you'll potentially face massive damage spikes courtesy of their ranged rune attacks, or their in-room rune attacks, both of which can be set up and forgotten about as they do even more damage than the class normally does.

Definite potential for vivisect here, and they're likely going to be using a hammer to try to hinder you, seeing as infernals are the best hammer users out there. Just don't get to 4 wrist fractures and 4 leg fractures concurrently. If you do get quad broken, follow the advice from the DWB vivisect section. Access to healthleech is its own additional damage threat, and shielding is especially inadvisable here because they can combine quash and arc together to deal way too much damage for any shielding to be worth it.

Paladins don't do anything special with this spec. If a paladin ever lands a two-hander damnation on you, they didn't do it alone. Still they have access to a great strength increase for meatier disembowels than infernal, and punish shielding with purity and arc combos. 

## Magi

Let's rip this bandaid off right away. Ret. You're going to end up fighting in it at some point and defending isn't always possible. Surviving ret usually means keeping metawake up and surviving the initial string of destabilizations aiming to put you to sleep and knock you off EQ. Surviving this can be as simple as just letting your curing do its thing while not attacking, though walking out mid way through the destabilization sequence can benefit you. Recall that CURING AEONCOMMAND <action> will pause your curing until your chosen command goes through. From the perspective of an aggressive defense, if you have a way to relapse afflictions, use it. If you have a way to prone and afflict paralysis in the same balance, use it. If you're only able to repeatedly prone, use that. If you can't do the above but you can afflict slickness and paralysis in the same balance, do that. If you can afflict from a range without arrows, try that. Your entire focus should be anything that prevents the magi's next move from being an attack. Be patient about this, you have more time than you think so long as you stay calm and focus.

Not all magi like ret though, and those will attempt prep based strategies. There's no parrying advice here since they can disable parry consistently at negligible opportunity cost to them. One thing to always keep in mind is that their timeflux affliction will extend salve balance by 50%. This means mending takes 1.5 seconds, and restoration takes 6 seconds. Important note: never cure the scalded affliction. It will cure your blindness first and the magi can transfix you over, and over, and over, and will probably drop ret after the first transfix, prone you, and that's the last of you.

Both paths defend similarly, where you're going to want to prioritize shivering, frozen, hypothermia, and burning above leg breaks. Use your tree tattoo, your active curing ability if you can use it while prone, or keep up your passive curing ability otherwise. If timeflux drops, it's safe to cure your legs. Do your best to get caloric back up if they're trying for the hypothermia path, avoiding them using icewalls and tumble to buy some extra seconds to accomplish this. For the fire path, religiously cure burning over everything else while also tumbling over an icewall, with your primary objective being having 0 burns so dehydrate falls off, denying the kill. Prioritize level 1 arm breaks over level 1 leg breaks against a magi or you may end up prone with broken arms and therefore no access to tree. 

### Monk <small class="text-muted">Tekura</small>

Upon your first few losses to a monk, you might be thinking to yourself that the class is an offensive powerhouse. While it certainly is deadly, its offense is the least of your worries, as winning against a monk means planning for their defenses, and how astonishingly well they can stop any offense dead in its tracks. To beat a good monk you're going to need a plan, and you're going to need to stick to it.

This massive advantage in stalling for all the time they could ever need is threatening enough to consider it part of every kill path. Foremost, you're going to want to mitigate the most upfront threat first: proning. It's trivial for a monk to prone you in as little as 3 balances if you don't have a mount simply by attacking the same leg over and over. Ideally you would parry a random leg at the start of a fight, deciding to keep it where it is or move it each balance. This will not stop the monk, but it will assuredly slow them down. If the monk has a pattern of breaking torso before legs, parry your torso after a total of 5 or more hits if we assume a kick is worth 2 hits. So if they kick your torso and punch it twice in the same combo, we interpret this as 4 hits. For nitpickers: a kick is not exactly 2 hits, but is so close to 2 that this applies to everyone for the purposes of defense. Knowing one's own breakpoint and when to apply to one's torso is vital to thwarting their damage based kill: backbreaker. Briefly, it must be mentioned that having a mount makes fighting a tekura monk far easier, as it prevents their easiest form of parry bypass, which is proning you and following with two punches. Their sweep kick cannot prone you if you are mounted.

Backbreaker itself isn't complicated to understand. If you're prone, the monk can deal immense damage to you, increased even further if you're suffering from a broken torso. If you are suffering from bruised ribs, backbreaker kills you regardless of your health upon the third backbreaker landing if they all landed during the same instance of the bruised ribs affliction.

More complex than backbreaker is Mind Scythe. There is no damage here after the break sequence, just instant death if you are at once suffering from a mangled head, and two mental afflictions the monk is able to deliver, even if the monk themselves did not deliver them. There are multiple ways a monk can stick afflictions on you for just long enough to make this work, most of them involving blackout to some extent. Don't focus on curing your head, as when you're prone, the monk can deal insurmountable limb damage specifically to their target's head. Cure your legs, stand, shield or get out. This goes especially for classes who cannot use their curative ability while they are prone. While prone and suffering from blackout, diagnose on equilibrium as tumbling does not create a window large enough to save you, but if you can spot afflictions soon enough and respond with curative abilities and especially curing impatience as soon as possible, this kill becomes significantly more complex for the monk to land, and the window they have to perform this kill is too brief to change plans mid kill with this curing.

Finally let's look at their hinder, which is a frequently mismanaged factor that makes monks infuriating to fight if handled wrong. Kai cripple feels utterly terrible to get hit by if you're not curing level 1 LEFT arm breaks ahead of level 1 leg breaks, with level 1 RIGHT arm breaks last. This is because salves always cure your left limb first, and curing your arm gives you immediate access to your tree tattoo, making it a 50/50 whether or not you stand after only a single second of hinder, or only 2 seconds, rather than being stuck unable to attack for 3 seconds in a fight where milliseconds often decide the winner. Then there's blackout, where you need to be diligent about diagnosing, especially in the event you are disrupted, or the monk strips defenses from you. Blackout can also interfere with limb counting or affliction tracking, so try not to depend entirely on reflexes here. Next there's batter and disrupt by themselves without blackout, where you're either stunned or knocked off equilibrium, both requiring timing on the monk's side of things, and both serving to delay your next balance so the monk can catch up in curing. Then as a reminder, we have proning, which can be countered by pre-apply, which this guide cannot recommend you do for every monk. Pre-apply has its ups and downs, where the downs are just as bad as not pre-applying, if perhaps sometimes worse. If you intend to pre-apply, do so without automatically reacting via reflex, instead using CURING QUEUE ADD RESTORATION TO LEGS while the monk is not near their win condition of 2 prepped legs and either prepped head or torso.

Tekura itself can feel like two different classes. One where the monk has settled on the basics and is content to remain there, and another where the monk has such a grasp on how their class's abilities can flow together that they can make fighting back feel impossible if mishandled. Creativity among the latter monks is neverending, and you can be sure each of this type of tekura monk has their own signature tricks you'll have to learn yourself, as this guide is not going to cover each individual monk.

### Monk <small class="text-muted">Shikudo</small>

Less seen but certainly not lesser, shikudo is an alternate martial arts style focusing on the use of a staff with such finesse that rebounding auras are absolutely ineffective versus the weapon. Fighting a shikudo differs in how you're going to have to handle afflictions, and the reflex-less curing that thwarts their kill paths.

We'll start on the easier end of survival with this style's locking option. Realistically, the lock isn't going to happen unless they break a limb and you apply restoration, preventing you from applying epidermal to cure anorexia for the short 4 seconds it takes to seal the lock. If the monk breaks while in rain or oak stance, just don't cure it immediately. Cure your afflictions, make sure your tree tattoo is ready for use, and tumble over a wall to mitigate the damage the monk can deal while you're prone. The main flaw in the shikudo's lock is that it's entirely dependent on you being off salve balance or having bad luck with bad curing priorities in conjunction with the fact that they cannot change from their lock-sealing stance into their break killing stance without too significant a balance cost to actually seal a kill. The blackout variant of this kill is impractical, but might work if you're not ready, so heads up: diagnose on equilibrium during blackout.

Next we'll look at the most common fork, which is crescent. This kick is only available to the monk while in maelstrom form, but unfortunately that form is tied to the form they'll be using for their break sequence, making it relatively easy to switch to this kill if you thwart that one. If you're prone and below half health, this kills you outright. The monk will break a leg, possibly using gaital form to completely bypass parry and prone you effortlessly in the process, then they'll move into maelstrom and end the fight. Thankfully, shikudo's damage can be mitigated in one or both of the following ways: leave the room. If you're not relying on momentum, just get out. They have no movement hinder, so this is as simple as it gets. Alternatively, you can use the weariness affliction in your momentum based offense to halve the damage they can deal, clumsy so they might miss and deal even less damage, and if your class has the luxury of the lethargy affliction, that's never not good. If the damage isn't there, the ease of proning you doesn't matter.

It may sound unfortunate at first that shikudo monks cannot Mind Scythe, but they have a similar kill that's easier to land, requiring only one affliction to be stuck. If your head is broken, you're prone, and you have a broken windpipe, the monk can end you or optionally just stun you for a really long time if they do not wish to kill you. This is achieved by breaking both your legs, then waiting for you to apply restoration before breaking your head with the same attack that breaks your windpipe, ending it with dispatch before you can regain salve balance to cure the windpipe break. Plain honesty: surviving this sucks for both of you. Because your objective is to either fake apply to your legs, which means to apply a non-restoration salve to your leg on the break, and hope they're not using Mind Sapience to discern which type of salve you applied. Seeing as Mind Sapience extremely easy to keep up and they can optionally just use it before the break sequence, you won't find many monks who've stuck to this style that don't use it. This leaves you in the uncomfortable position of creating a stalemate. If you never apply to your still broken leg, they can't dispatch you, but you can't stand. If you're able to hinder while prone, you might eventually get out of this stalemate, but conversely all the monk needs to do is bring you below half health to kill you with crescent. Tumbling over a wall doesn't do a lot, considering they'll use telepathy to travel to you instantly and be on balance before you regain balance from the tumble, unless you can position yourself on the very edge of an area and tumble over a wall into a different area, which isn't always something under your control. It's not a great way to survive a kill, but it's the way to survive this kill.

By now you might have asked yourself where your parry goes, and that question has multiple answers. If the monk is in rain stance, parry a random arm to stop their parry bypass, which perhaps seems strange since none of the kills listed above require broken arms, but to give clumsiness they must hit your arm, and if they're relying on this for some early breathing room, you can not only deny them two hits completely, but spare yourself the hinder too. For oak, parry your head to deny the parry bypass and the paralysis affliction, which does slightly delay their dispatch kill, and saves you a little hinder at this point as well. Gaital can't be parried whatsoever and willow is only adopted while you're already prone or about to be without any say in the matter, so keep parrying your head on the off chance they mess up and have any opportunity to recover by hitting that. Maelstrom isn't just for crescent, it deals the most damage of all the stances, and does it using torso strikes, so parry your torso when you see that and maybe you'll spare yourself a death by crescent. This guide will leave it up to you to gather the telegraphs for each stance, as there is no shortage of monks who know shikudo but do not fight with it. If you don't want to bother with all of this, just parry a random arm because once they're in oak your parry becomes less relevant.

## Occultist

WIP

shield before/at 3 affs
faster shield breaks the more affs target has
5 affs = death
Vulnerable to hinder
Hinder or outpace
Aff count dependent as opposed to wanting specific affs
Mana prio
Don't bother clotting unless in serious danger


## Pariah

The newest class, and a dangerous one at that. Pariah is all about insurmountable momentum. Your curing will not outpace them, even with hinder. Hindering them to where you can make progress on curing down is limited to classes with irrefutably cruel amounts of hinder built in. If you have this type of hinder, use it and never feel bad. This is what it takes to survive a pariah.

So what can be done about insurmountable momentum? The affs come so fast you'll be behind in no time. Dodging kills is all well and good but before that, keep an eye on their room hinder, ensorcell. Once that drops, get out if you're not about to score a kill or some considerable hinder. If you're a momentum class that cannot hinder very well, your objective should be to reset the fight and make the pariah restart from scratch, preferably with a surprise attack. If you have any checkpoints such as a depthswalker seizing shadow, a serpent finishing a hypnosis chain, or a bard setting up every necessary harmonic, absolutely reset the fight before proceeding with your advantage. Any amount of greed will get you killed, but pariah does poorly without their initial advantage of threatening to kill faster than most other classes. If you're also a class that can kill extremely quickly, you can chart a kill that has just enough hinder to beat pariah's kill time.

Extending the amount of balances the pariah needs in order to kill you is critical. You may have hinder, but statistically speaking you probably don't have enough. What you're guaranteed to have is the ability to cure, and pariah kills can be avoided by abusing the fact that they cannot afflict like other classes. A serpent can give paralysis and another aff each balance, but a pariah can only give paralysis at the very most every 4th balance from their last paralysis. This allows for different priorities than you would use for other classes. Tree scenarios are great here. If you ever have haemophilia and any other aff, touch tree. If you have impatience and asthma at the same time, touch tree. Similarly, if you have sandfever, which is impatience in all but name, and you have asthma at the same time, tree. Good use of CURING PRIOAFF HAEMOPHILIA will save you from their fastest kill. If you're at 200 bleed or more, you absolutely have to cure haemophilia above everything else. Keeping in mind that haemophilia will never be followed by paralysis, you can even prioritize it above paralysis if you don't have the hang of CURING PRIOAFF yet. The pariah's lock however, unlike most other classes, depends on a single affliction: asthma. They can give their plagues freely, but they can only give asthma every 4th balance from their last asthma at the fastest, meaning prioritize asthma over all of their plagues, and above impatience too. They WILL land their plagues, and fast, but asthma cannot be applied so trivially. 

Finally, because this class has a lot of unique afflictions, here's what they do. Be aware foremost that if you have sandfever, pyramides, rebbies, and flushings all at once, the pariah can hit you with virulence to apply slickness and anorexia and some damaging afflictions to you all at once. If you have asthma at this point, you're locked, but they can also just as easily give the final plague and lock if you have asthma but not the last plague they need. Additionally, they can micro-manage their balances to give a plague, asthma, and lock all at once if the last logograph they traced was haemophilia. Their lock however is on a 10 second cooldown before they can give slickness anorexia again, so dodging it is big. Now for what the plagues do individually: sandfever is impatience plus movement hinder in the form of reducing the amount of rooms you can move before having to catch your breath, but is not cured by psion expunge, and doesn't reduce mana recovered from mana elixir sips. Flushings simply causes you to bleed if you eat ferrum or ginseng. Rebbies causes your salve applications to give you sensitivity, this applies sensitivity even if you're deaf, unlike all other applications of the affliction. Pyramides increases the bleeding all attacks cause, and will never be cured ahead of paralysis, meaning if someone has paralysis and pyramides, paralysis is always cured first without fail. Mycalium causes everyone to consider you an enemy, even allies, and also knocks you off balance every so often. If you have 3 or more of any of these and you're still ensorcelled, shield until ensorcell wears off, it doesn't last very long, then prioritize sandfever while fleeing.

## Priest

WIP

research ongoing
maybe now that Atalkez is one, there will be some information on this class

## Psion

Surviving a psion suffers from sounding a lot easier than it actually is. Decisions sometimes need to be made, and understanding their peculiar combat strategies is critical. Foremost: unweaves. A psion can unweave your mind and body to drain your mana and health respectively, ticking every few seconds for more damage to either than the previous. At three consecutive ticks, the unweave becomes critical, accelerating even faster and opening you up to instant death should you have two critical unweaves. They also have unweaving spirit which cures differently. The other two can be cured with a single herb eat, but unweavingspirit is cured by smoking, and falls off one stack at a time. Any combination of two unweaves at critical levels is instant death. Rule of thumb is you can ignore unweaves until that third tick, at which point CURING PRIOAFF that unweave, and remember the affliction is one word: unweavingmind, unweavingbody, unweavingspirit.

Moving onto ravaged mind. Also known as PSI BLAST, this ability will afflict you with the aformentioned ravaged mind affliction should you be suffering from 3 mental afflictions at once, with unweavingmind and impatience counting towards that. Impatience is pretty vital to landing this ability, and so touch your shield tattoo if they give you impatience, and keep touching it until impatience is gone, minding the unweavingmind that's surely already on you, or impending. If you are hit by blast, go pure hinder, no actual offense unless your offense is your hinder, though more ideally, run away far and do not even think of fighting the psion while your mind has been ravaged. The affliction causes them to deal tremendous damage to your mana reserves with each attack, and at 30% or less, you can be killed instantly. In fact, they can even kill you while they're prone or impaled if this condition is met.

Another way the psion can PSI BLAST you is by brekaing both your legs and continuing on with a sequence of afflictions benefiting from you being prone and unable to touch your shield tattoo. Just ignore paralysis, get back up, touch your shield and be done with it. Cure legs over head and if they're prepping head with deathblow which gives asthma, ignore that too after the third head hit. Following this curing pattern, you'll stand before they can profit from the focus knock they hit you with, at which point you can shield and they've wasted about 14 seconds prepping you for 8 to 10 seconds of failing to kill you.

These are the two most common kills, with pure damage from unweaves and nausea being third. Fourth however, is by sticking unweavingspirit and using flurry. Flurry hits multiple times, hitting more and more for every stack of unweavinngspirit you're suffering from. The psion doesn't need to give this to you just by sticking asthma and unweaving however, though they certainly can do that, and the same rule of third tick requiring a CURING PRIOAFF still applies, but this time your prioaff is asthma. The damage dealt by flurry can be truly insurmountable if you let it build up, but what's worse is that the psion can skip some of said buildup by turning one other unweave into a spirit unweave already partially stacked. The moment they do this, cure asthma.

The last kill is their lock, and you'll likely never see it. It's a luxury kill only landed on opponents who don't cure haemophilia, but let's at least go over how it works. If you have haemophilia and 150 bleeding, accomplished easily with a single prone deathblow, followed by impatience from prone overhand, the psion can lock you on their next attack with a special affliction called combustion. Combustion is slickness, only it cannot be cured by smoking, and only drops off when you are no longer bleeding at all. Just cure haemophilia. This is a luxury kill in teams or if a fight has gone on so long you've made the mistake of not curing haemophilia, which shouldn't happen because they can't give haemophilia and paralysis at the same time, so their only chance of sticking it is hoping you cure something else over it, or cure unweavingbody instead of haemo on a 50/50. But nothing's stopping you from having another ginseng.

## Sentinel

This class has a unique ability to set traps assigned to room exits. If you travel through that exit, you will be hit by the trap. An exit can have 2 traps on it, one in each room the exit leads to, though most commonly you'll be facing the noose trap as a form of room hinder, and sometimes clothesline to punish tumbling. A noose trap will entangle you, while a clothesline trap will inflict bleeding which is a kill condition for the prep path. To best counter traps, fight the sentinel outdoors and fly as your means of escape, soaring over traps while curing down.

The most famed kill of the sentinel is extirpate, although most will know it as petrify. As an important note: petrify itself is not a kill, but rather the equivalent to an especially long stun which enables extirpate, the actual killing blow. The condition for petrify is 4 mental afflictions, counting impatience as a mental affliction, so more like impatience plus 3 mental afflictions in most cases, although don't slack off just because you don't have impatience. The moment you have 3 mental afflictions, if even for a second and then you're back to 2, touch your shield, use some hard hinder such as a bind or stun, or fly if they're a balance away from killing you. Slower classes should defend earlier, all classes should use some hinder to delay petrification. As all classes which focus on stacking afflictions, CURING PRIOAFF is an excellent choice, either impatience to thwart this kill, or haemophilia for the next.

Said next kill is prep based, and the sentinel can progress towards it while attempting to petrify, which is why haemophilia is an equally good CURING PRIOAFF candidate if you're stacked with ginseng. Not only is haemophilia their parry bypass, but bleeding increases the damage of wrench, their equivalent to disembowel. The sentinel will attempt to prone you by breaking a leg, impale you, and then they will likely have enough time for two wrenches. The prone indicates there's almost zero chance they're going to attempt a petrify beyond this point, so this is your do or die moment where you can afford to ignore everything but haemophilia. Tumbling here can potentially make you bleed more thanks to clothesline traps, so don't do it unless you know haemo's going to fall off before the tumble goes through. If you still have haemophilia by the time the first wrench lands, you're in an extremely poor spot, especially if sensitivity and healthleech are also stuck, so preventing a bleed-boosted wrench is your top priority. The sentinel only needs one broken leg if you're burried in ginseng afflictions, but in the event of two broken legs, you have to watch out for a head break as well, because skullbash is a very real threat.

Not only does skullbash deal increased damage on a target with a broken head, potentially killing you, but if the sentinel realizes they're not killing with a second wrench, they can skullbash you to lower your health just enough for rattle's stun to become certain death. This is why standing is more important than fixing your head immediately, because if you stand you're denying both wrench and skullbash, but if you don't, you almost certainly will die to the following sequence. The sentinel can transfix a prone opponent with ease, then hit with rattle for a stun. Rattle's stun is longer the lower your health is, and stun is the condition for truss, an especially long bind which is the condition for dismember, which is instant death. This sounds elaborate, but it's a simple straight line towards your assured demise.

Surviving a sentinel while threatening to kill them hinges on identifying their critical moments where they must commit to one path in order to kill you. 3 mentals, or haemophilia and bleeding. You can afford to delay haemophilia until prone, so impatience is the way to go until then unless they're telegraphing a prone too early with a sudden influx of ginseng based afflictions. Responding to these critical moments with shielding, flying, hard hinder, or charting a kill that outspeeds their finishers is how you'll win this matchup.

## Serpent

How do you survive a class with a 9 second kill time at their very fastest, and 17 seconds at their most thorough? You plan ahead.

Set yourself up with tree scenarios, specifically one in which you have asthma and impatience, and one in which you have darkshade and hypochondria. Equip yourself with the ability to track how many ticks of darkshade you've suffered, and CURING PRIOAFF DARKSHADE at either 3 ticks to be safe, or 4 ticks to be risky. Keep your impatience priority higher than your paralysis priority at all times without exception. If you're not pinshot, running is always by far and away the single most ideal survival method available. If you have to wait for pinshot to wear off, you can shield, but do so earlier on to stall out the pinshot a bit, and then see to performing your offense with strong hinder if available. Keep your rebounding up at all times against a serpent, even as a prep class, as they won't be breaking their own limbs off hitting your rebounding, and this adds an extra layer to their execution. In the event you're pinshot and they snap, do everything in your power to delay their next stabbings, ideally using something other than a shield tattoo because you're likely stacked with ginseng and shielding would mean scytherus, spelling your doom as serpents can bite through shields. If you cannot hinder well, you can lean on your class's active cure if applicable to at least buy yourself some amount of time.

Serpents however are ideal at ganking unsuspecting victims. If you think a serpent has your bounty, or otherwise has valid reason to kill you, keep metawake up at all times. A popular gank path is to put you to sleep and keep you asleep while dealing damage with arrows or otherwise locking you while you can't eat. In fact, it's good practice to keep metawake up against serpents in general, because this gank strategy can happen after a fight reset.

## Shaman

This class is versatile like no other, and to have any hope of surviving it you had better make your defense just as versatile. There is no one set of curing priorities or even manual curing techniques that for-sure stops this class, you're going to have to adapt on the fly to everything it can do. As a reminder, this class is not stopped at all by the shield tattoo, so use curseward instead.

If we covered absolutely everything a shaman can do, this one section might eclipse all the others combined in size, so let's get one thing out of the way: almost all of these kills flow into one-another in ways that will require you to use CURING PRIOAFF on the fly and learn how to properly fake salve applications, and how to properly make it seem like you faked a salve application.

We'll start with the momentum side of shaman, which is the first major hurdle in killing one, and more importantly, surviving one. For momentum they can lock you with bleeding or a doll, with bleeding and a doll, pretend to lock you and suddenly work towards an instant kill condition called tzantza, or convert bleeding directly into damage. We'll start with damage as it's commonly used on newer fighters. The shaman will look to afflict you with haemophilia, sensitivity, and sometimes asthma. They have an ability which can be used alongside a curse called lacerate, which gives haemophilia if it's not there, but if it is, it gives a significant amount of bleeding. You absolutely must cure haemophilia if they land this additional bleeding, or if your bleeding is 600 or above, and even this is cutting it close enough for people to prefer curing it at 500 because of how fast bleeding gets out of hand versus a shaman. This isn't the only instance of CURING PRIOAFF you'll want to have for haemophilia, as bleeding is also used to seal locks. If you have 100 bleeding or more while you have impatience and asthma, the shaman can seal a lock with their coagulation ability, which is one of two ways they can give slickness and anorexia both at once, cursing anorexia and giving slickness by converting 100 bleeding into an affliction. Bleeding is a twofold problem here however, in that a shaman can afflict while building their doll, which they can similarly expend to apply the gecko venom while cursing anorexia. Where things get scary is when you have haemophilia, impatience or asthma, and the shaman has a doll of you. This lock can be sealed extremely quickly in the next two balances, and requires you to cure impatience which opens you up for their damage burst, asthma which they may have stacked kelp/aurum afflictions protecting it, or haemophilia where you're still in danger of being locked on their next balance. This is where one must keep in mind that shaman does not have the most ideal movement hinder, in that they themselves are affected by it just as much as you are. This means fleeing a shaman before you're in serious trouble could save your life, especially when considering most shaman hate freezing the ground so much that they won't even use it, making escape that much easier. All of this while there's nothing stopping them from either giving you impatience and 5 mental afflictions for an instant kill, or impatience and 3 mental afflictions if they have a doll ready, where they'll bind you by destroying the doll as they ready their tzantza curse. You will not writhe free before they succeed.

Needless to say, try not to let it get to that point. Curseward in conjunction with CURING PRIOAFF is a very strong option that you shouldn't neglect. Clumsiness, if available to you, is a must-have against shaman because they could miss on their swiftcurse attempts, which ruins their most efficient means of afflicting and offers up tremendous breathing room versus a class that can kill you out of nowhere if you so much as stay at 80% mana for too long. Despite the class having numerous options which require no momentum whatsoever, the above is enough to be a functioning class on its own if you're too lax on hindering, running, and curing properly... But this isn't even half of it. Brace yourselves.

If you thought shaman was a momentum class, you'd only be half right. It's a prep class with momentum options that can be managed at the cost of opening yourself up to prep. This prep can be done in one of three ways, none of which involve actually hitting a limb. The shaman can use bleeding to drain your mana, which opens you up to soulrend. This ability will grant the shaman an amount of doll fashions based on your missing mana, and doll fashions are their prep. If you're suffering from manaleech, every soulrend gives the shaman 8 fashions, so curseward and CURING PRIOAFF ASTHMA to smoke away manaleech before this becomes a problem. For most kills, 50 fashions is plenty, and is the milestone you want to avoid at all costs. The final way they can fashion is the slowest, but also requires no setup whatsoever. They can just fashion by hand, one or two fashions at time based on luck. If they're attempting the latter, the shaman will inevitably seek to reset fights after just one or two fashions, likely using copious amounts of icewalls. Prep struggles less with this because shaman isn't exactly a fast prep class, but momentum classes need to make sure to stick to the shaman for dear life, which is easier said than done.

The above is only how they prep, not even what they can do with it. Their methods may range from cheeky to straightforward brutality, leaning towards the latter where possible. For cheeky, they can deliver afflictions with no indication you've been afflicted if they have a doll of you with over 15 fashions, and with 20 they can give blackout. Keep in mind, doll abilities are gated by how well fashioned the doll is, but that gate does not correspond with how many fashions are lost when using the ability, the mentals only costing 1 fashion, and blackout costing 4. Combining these, the shaman can give you mental afflictions you're not even aware of, run into your room while you have blackout, and land a tzantza before your blackout is over, killing you instantly. Alternatively the shaman can run into your room, give you impatience, then tzantza and bind you in the same attack, killing you assuredly. Preventing this means diagnosing frequently if not constantly while not in the same room as the shaman. If you see blackout, diagnose constantly, but also begin writhing on balance, every single balance. The writhing is because while in blackout, they can also give you 4 level 1 limb breaks, confusion, and then force you to RESTORE, where they then can walk up to you and behead you while you're off equilibrium. If you're constantly writhing, the forced restore will fail because you're off balance and cannot perform the forced action. If you're made to suddenly apply restoration for seemingly no reason, CURING QUEUE ADD ASH or CURING QUEUE ADD STANNUM twice for total safety, using the herb or mineral depending on your preference. These are the primary two threats, but don't forget to hold your breath in between diagnosing, because throttle damage can add up and can hit you from anywhere in your same area. The shaman might run a lot and try to inflict a lot of bleed, but just leave the area and call it wasted fashions if they're not letting up on it. Shaman who try that latter strategy generally keep trying until their doll is useless, though charging the shaman if you're confident in your chasing and movement hinder is fine as well.

That's the non limb intensive half of their prep. Now for the scary stuff you won't be getting out of for free. As stated above, running from a shaman is very effective. Breaking your legs is how they get around that, and any of their momentum kills can be achieved in the span of enough leg breaks, first giving a level 2 break, and then a level 3 break if you don't cure said level 2 break. Commonly a shaman will break left, break right, break right for an easy mangle, and then could overkill by breaking left again. Pray you have an icewall to tumble over at this point because they don't need much time at all to end you. If you're known to be lucky or have exceptional curing, you're not out of it yet. The shaman, at any point with a doll of 52 fashions or more, can attempt a salve lock, where they will lock you while you're off salve balance. Refusing to cure a limb is not going to work here, because that leaves you a sitting duck with no course of action to take against their rapid momentum. You can try to fake apply by applying mending, caloric, or epidermal to your legs before they begin the momentum part of the salve lock, potentially tricking them into attempting it, but they can start over with ease after they notice the epidermal apply. You can apply epidermal while already off salve balance to try and trick them while you actually have applied restoration as well. The RESTORE ability is one thing you can attempt if they didn't think to burn your tree tattoo usage at some point and still chose to use cripple. This allows you to interrupt the fragile window for this kill, which usually finishes with less than half a second to spare. If they did burn tree, tumble over a wall and capitalize on there being no way for the shaman to chase you fast enough to complete the lock without first expending more fashions, punishing them for lacking a backup plan. If they did have a backup plan, pray your tree tattoo comes back before they get through their salve lock sequence, because 4 seconds of no salve balance is enough time to kill you. Beware, a salve lock attempt can turn into a rift lock attempt if they have a very well fashioned doll, or they can just open by attempting the rift lock, at which point you're going to want to tumble over a wall and get an arm cured as soon as possible. The salve lock is highly telegraphed however, and gives you plenty of time to react if you're able to swap to arm priority quickly, just keep in mind every failed rift lock can potentially be a salve lock if you're not careful.

And yet still they're not out of tricks. But they're out of their most dangerous tricks. Other things to keep in mind are their ability to give concussions from a distance without you noticing. For the purpose of this, starting every reflex by TOUCHing something or even TOUCHing nothing will free you of amnesia worries, otherwise just attempt everything twice in rapid succession. During blackout, check if your speed defense is stripped, as this is the only way they can land aeon, and aeon with concussion is terrible to manage. Finally, the shaman can give hidden afflictions while in the room with you, albeit slowly. If they point at you but there's no affliction, they're using Blight to hide which afflictions they're giving. Diagnose and you'll be fine. 

## Sylvan

There are two different types of sylvan, each of which must be handled very differently. Foremost, the prep sylvan may try to use loki against you, or a combination of venoms meant to slow you down. You can more or less ignore these venoms as there is little chance they will stack anything of meaning with their prep attacks alone. In the event of loki, touch your tree tattoo and focus just to minimize time spent diagnosing.

Surviving the prep route is easy if you're willing to invest some hard effort into preparing for it. Namely counting your torso. The sylvan's parry bypass while cause all limb damage to be halved, thus requiring 8 hits to break any given limb rather than 4. You will ideally parry your torso and slow them down this way. Torso breaks are hidden however, and so counting your hits is critical, ideally by reflex. Once you've been hit 8 times, or 4 times if you're not parrying for some incomprehensible reason. Apply to the break as soon as it happens. If they break a leg and then break your torso, ignore the leg completely. They will give you heartseed which completes in about 9 seconds, and you can beat it with the 8 seconds it takes to fix your torso, the first apply fixing the break, and the second killing the seed trying to kill you. Once your torso is fixed and without heartseed, then cure your legs. This kill is entirely avoidable if you're willing to learn self limb tracking.

Against weatherweaving sylvans, be aware that shockwave is catastrophic damage if suffering from many afflictions, impatience and sensitivity are must-cures, especially if they are on you simultaneously. If you're suffering from both, touch tree and cure impatience, as shockwave scales with sensitivity, healthleech, and mentals. The sylvan is bound to the room they began weatherweaving in, as they charge this room with arcane power which cannot carry over to other rooms. If you have sensitivity and impatience and you cannot cure down fast enough, escape by any means possible, or shield for your life. In the event the sylvan attempts to lock you, shield on asthma but still cure impatience first so they can't fork back into shockwave. They need to expend arcane power to give asthma, and can only close a lock with a thornrend, which is not tied to weatherweaving and thus cannot be combined with a shield break. A sylvan can alternatively attempt to strike you with repeated damaging bolts of electricity. Ideally shield or leave after the first, and expect them to try again on the balance after next.

## Water Lord

This matchup is weirdly luck based, where you can set yourself up to be the favorable winner. Your priorities against this class should be haemophilia over wearirness over nausea over paralysis over asthma over lethargy. The waterlord is likely going to try to give you asthma and nausea to guard haemophilia and weariness, but this curing order should disrupt that. All you need is a bit of hinder or a bit of shielding to keep the elemental behind almost permanently. Should the class have haemophilia, nausea, and addiction on you all at once, shield or run immediately, or use some form of hinder to deny them at least a full balance. In the event you are ever struck with paralysis, shield or give a bit of hinder so you have handle nausea and be free from paralysis being a threat again. If they get you prone using a softlock and knocking you off focus balance, tumble over an icewall. They have no limb damage on you and thus you'll clear the wall before their damage kills you.
